Ahh, but serule, I'll be the one doing the summons!
There is a battlemaster maneuver.
Someone needs to cast that on Wong.
Don't forget wong summons.
Those were the peak points of raiding entertainment.
AYD can explain stuff to Hoedown repeatedly all over again!
So liquid can kill us all by acting like he is on Discord when he isn't.
Yeah that.
There's definitely fight mechanics in the raid.
This one person needs to stand here with this item and do this thing while the others protect him, until one randomly gets this other thing and you have to do this thing at just the right time or else you die.
Sort of thing.
I think it's more coordinated assignments.
So, is there aggro or something in the game?
Otherwise I can't imagine it playing like an MMO, just an FPS with lagging teammates.
I've also heard good things about the raids.
So I already sort of hate the game.
I hear good things about the raids.
I probably will.
When's that anyway uhh.
Oh good lord.
Nothing is sacred.
Isn't this AIM?
They're emoticons bruh.
Why do I even exist.
Why do emojis exist.
Almost spit my drink out.
Do you mind bringing crit prio?
Well duh.
And don't run raid buffs.
Only if you have a pink weapon.
Fuq yu.
Here I'll play a game of Minesweeper on Expert right now.
Too much RNGesus tbh.
Minesweeper or gtfo.
All you assholes pushing your shitty games.
Ye thats my rotation.
Oh shit chakra?
You guys playing NARUTO ONLINE shinobi gekkidou tensen shounen XRD?
It also helps when you have off gcd shit to slip in and chakra management and stance management.
The longer gcd doesnt bother me but i understand it.
Every single time dude.
Play monk.
It's like wow but slower and i hate it.
But the combat just doesn't click for me.
Nope he plays blade and soul.
Isnt that what he plays now?
I guess the lore remains 'mildly raped'.
This game is pure aids dude, the people, everything about wow.
That's when i got the poisoned gift of his account.
When he stop.
No wonder he wanted to stop raiding.
Good thing verg set me up on his account.
Btw the legion xpac sucks balls.
Said no one ever.
I miss magma.
Thats the best post on the forums.
Just found this golden nugget while sifting through the warrior forums.
Bunny AYD!
Gonna go cry myself to sleep, bbl.
It was horrible.
He did it.
I was there.
Ayd did you just kill pandas?
I think the real crime here is that he still plays and still has a shit costume.
AYD defending himself for playing wildstar.
Just come play secret world legends with me you scrublords.
What a fucking loser.
He plays every week you fools.
He likes the pandas.
LOL NERD.
I tried to help.
Also, make sure you pray to Canadian Jesus, he is much nicer than American Jesus.
Someone with a botnet and time on their hands.
Who would DDoS wildstar?
Lizard squad.
Some of us are canadians.
Well, not everyone.
Happy Independence Day everyone.
I'M RAIDIN.
Its lunch time then i guess brb.
Fuuuu I havent installed it either haha.
Forgot about last thursday.
Crap big patch.
Played dnd skrimish too.
No one cares, CK.
Played warhammer too.
It's based on Warhammer Fantasy, but yeah the premise is you move models around on a table.
Could be interesting, if nothing else i already have tabletop sim so id be down to play any sort of boardgame on occasion.
Gauging interest here.
And its free to play now so eh.
Same old fully voiced storyline for every single quest in the game, crazy hard puzzles, etc.
Questing is the best on the market as always.
Pvp seems good, pve seems good.
It feels like the old game but with major improvements, combat feels better.
How is it?
If we got enough people to play in a private server could be fun.
Watering gets easy when you get the sprinkler shit going.
Iron pls.
I need it.
Watering is cancer.
Multiplayer soon tm.
Gonna have multiplier as well coming up.
Harvest moon!
And they've done a lot of polish to the game.
I've been following it off and on for a few years.
I'm pretty hopeful for fortnite.
Fortnite  looks fun.
So much walking and watering.
Too late, already bought it.
Yeah.
Ok.
Damn poly that blonde lady is THICC.
I'm in.
Nostalgia time.
Forgot how much i love tsws quests.
There's a dev stream on that youtube channel that's worth a look.
Heard about it sounded look.
So been following this game for a few years.
Furi is incredible.
Recreated my old main in SWL, except this time I wasn't beaten to the name Odysseus.
Lol jk.
Stupid hard, doesn't explain shit, exceedingly fun.
Been playing furi.
But also, INSIDE is great.
GOD IS LOVE.
OMG FIRST STORMBIRD GHOST.
So i finished INSIDE.
If any one you want to play, go Illuminati or youre garbage.
Assuming its the same shit but better.
So I'm gonna try secret world legends since i played the shit out of the original game.
Must more reasonable.
I do not, you shitter.
Okay, fair enough.
Might as well pick it up, it's cheap.
Not just farming.
No interation.
Sell me on it.
Explain how it's more than Farmville.
Since I hear good things about it but from the trailer it looks like Farmville.
Steam wont let me watch the trailer on mobile.
Dustforce is the bee's knees.
Anyone have an opinion on Stardew or Gungeon?
Wtf give me some.
Its not really a game though, more like an interactive art piece.
Its great.
I always wanted to play journey, but don't got an xbox.
I know, that's why I even considered it.
Made by some of the same guys who made journey and flower.
Also abzu is amazing I loved it.
Let me know how it is.
Hollow Knight looks great.
Which games?
And don't listen to anything CK says.
He's garbage.
The dark is for immersion!
Idk, I didn't have a problem with it haha but I can imagine it being shitty if you literally can't see anything.
Ruroni Kenshin is on netflix?
Soma is damn good.
I'm too busy rewatching Ruroni Kenshin on Netflix.
I just bought Soma, I don't have time for more vidya.
Time to buy shit.
CK why are you excluding the southern hemisphere?
Its their winter sale.
Says winter.
PREPARE YOUR WALLETS.
SUMMER SALE IS HERE.
IT IS TIME.
SWL didn't have a way to lock targets in beta, even though we seriously needed one.
Hell yeah.
The artist job descriptions definatley sound like it's a new ip.
Whatever it is looks like it will also be on consoles.
They have more jobs listed now.
Carbine ever say what their new game is?
Must be amazing.
But but it has like a million cores!
Oh wait, they do.
I didn't know AMD made potato chips.
Always found it funny that TSW gave you caesar cipher puzzles and shit and Wildstar gave us simon says.
Yeah nope.
I did my best never to use the wiki but some of the puzzles were nuts.
Motherfuckers expect me to learn morse code and decode a caeser cipher.
Staring at a raid bosses feet.
That bothered the shit out of me.
Also need moar max camera distance.
Fucking puzzles.
Would be disappointing.
Only MMO ive ever played where doing quests was interesting and engaging.
I actually enjoyed TSW a lot, the combat was trash but I liked the story and setting.
Just from that video it looks like its locking on and the same stuff.
Probably nothing?
Idunno.
If it still locks I'm not sure what they really changed.
Theres a targeting reticule now, thats uh great I guess, it still looks like its lock on.
I played the original.
The combat looks uh.
Exactly the same.
The video looks promising.
This one will probably last as long as the other secret world game.
To be fair, hes always mean to me.
WOW you guys are so mean to ayd.
Apparently FF servers are shitting the bed.
Did they hire former carbine employees?
You're shit.
Aww Ayd youre too kind.
Ayd hates me too.
Well duh, he always kills you first.
AYD hates me, he said so himself.
Ayds lonely.
Vulpes isn't enough.
AYD is dead anyway.
Not sure if that's healthy.
That's pretty aggressive ayd.
Hostile work environment.
How dare you assume their gender.
Well like most people, because a man and a women in one form or another concieved me.
Obligatory lebowski.
Nihilists, fuck me.
I mean, say what you want about the tenets of national socialism, dude, at least thats an ethos.
I recommend just watching the first episode to see if it grabs you at all.
Just started watching it for the second time.
It is a very odd but very engrossing anime.
I am sure more than a few of you around here enjoy anime.
Every now and then.
Do you normally check that discord?
Thats gotta be close to a year old by now, get out from under your rock miranda.
Original voice actors reading an actual court transcript and they cant help but break character and laugh.
RIP sides.
Jesus fucking shit I'm probably late seeing this video but it's the best thing I've ever seen.
Yfw it's already been a year since the first time we saw summer snarfs.
Whats the point of even having a character if there is no laser.
No laser?
Prime easymentors?
Then main raid gets geared in half time.
Just mix alts?
Game is saved bois.
Hey shredders a hard boss.
Yeah, still wiping on shredder.
Anyway so we are still working on redmoon right?
Then CK responds.
All dead pretty sure.
No one alive has it.
But no one wears it and less would know its unobtainable.
Special title.
Dont tell me what i mean.
Slower than summer snarfs.
Sprint, run, walk.
Like wot.
People literally didnt know it was bugged.
Holy fuck.
This mount thread is slaying me.
Xe and Wong?
Does anyone here still unironically play WildStar.
Pappyforged runes fixed?
Rip in crit sev.
Dont assume my physique preference.
Will the cake attract women?
Anyone know any single jewish women in Minnesota?
Why dont you go find some cake.
Im so lonely.
Cant just just bake a perfectly moist cake and not eat it out.
Gotta satisfy dat cake.
Cant just leave a moist cake laying about.
CallieCake hates cake?
Mudda fukkin turn coat over here.
Callie stop being so bipolar.
I mean isnt life the biggest game of all.
Calm yourself commie.
Cake themed erotica apparently.
Oh.
We're talking about different things it seems.
Imma straight fuk dat cake yo it so drippin dun need no luberino.
Da chef bake dat cake suh good it makin me wet dawg, dat cake straight drippin boi.
So wet it be drippin dawg.
Dat cake is drippin yo.
How else would you describe a good cake.
Youd definitely want a moist cake.
Moist and soggy are very different.
I missed you, CK.
You bastard.
Who wants a soggy cake?
Describing a cake as moist is weird.
Make moist great again.
Moist is good.
Like it moist.
Moist cake or dry cake.
Showers are mostly moist.
When children play with squirt guns they get wicked moist.
Im so moist.
Really?
Whats wrong with moist?
Fucking gross.
Kill me now.
Did that person even take English in high school.
I can write better press releases then whatever the fuck that last one was.
Sign me up.
I hear Carbine is looking for a new lead combat dev.
So not like anything he knows becomes out dated.
I mean nothing has actually changed since he quit.
Double rip.
Pbh isnt free anymore.
Spooky discussion.
And CR has additional utility since it taunts.
But if you have to spend the points then always better in CR.
No reason not to.
It probably still is.
There were plenty of baddies using it before.
Well, still in the never tier up zone.
It's now in the never tier up zone.
So now its even worse than a worse version of code red?
At least they fixed Sigil.
Portable Black Hole.
I can't even understand half of the paragraph.
What does that even mean.
And if he liked.
Ah never mind.
And if he disliked subterfuge hours, this would still be earlier.
If he liked subterfuge hours this would be earlier.
Just curious i have someone that might join you guys depending on raid times.
Anybody from flying pandas here.
I don't even remember what it's like to play this game, I should reinstall it.
CK you haven't played in over a year like me.
Said no one ever.
I miss ayd.
But ill wait until priority is over.
Prolly not.
Ill cum for you too.
Sore are you priority invite?
Ayd if you lead a ds on a weekend ill come for you.
Carry me through RMT plz bb.
Ayd when are we having our reunion raid.
I got art from that same artist before of my engineer.
That is an awesome drawing!
Not that i look at it the chua has a little bit of muffin.
Come on.
You people are the problem.
Probably getting it to play with y'all.
Not preordering though.
Hopefully have a better pc by then too.
Havent preordered but definitely getting it.
I know many others have said they were interested in getting it but I dunno specifics.
Not pre ordered yet but I def plan on getting and playing it.
I too would not call you fully functioning.
About right lol.
Fair point.
So anything that saves me money is good.
I'm a college kid.
True, you guys are normal adults.
Or you can use the free trial.
I mean if there's no limit id be down to get someone to order it for me.
Oh, prime members only, fuck that noise.
Lool it got deleted.
You have been invited to join the circle.
Unban dnp or riot.
I've just been in denial.
You say that like you are just finding out.
My god.
Housing really is the endgame.
You may not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like.
Serule, Y U DO DIS.
Right in the middle of raid time too.
I think that was my favorite event.
You say that kappa like it's real.
It also doesnt stack with catch up.
Wildstar is saved!
Billy hi.
HI BILLY.
Its kind of like that already.
If wildstar was still hard id still be playing it.
Wait until power creep invalidates all difficulty and then victory lap through the content like your clear means anything.
Join a guild who's roster bossed and raid with them until they disband, then repeat until there's only one guild left.
So now what do we do if we're nowhere near finished with raiding?
I don't think he wants to wait another year for that.
Just you wait for Prime I Datascape.
Avatus is gonna have a chance to drop magentas.
Lol.
Waaaah, we didn't clear the content because no pinks so we quit.
Rip NA raiding.
TCO is dead too.
So essentially a icon of someone alive?
I think at this point it'd be easier to mark those who are still playing as not ghosts.
Super dead.
I cast friends.
Praise be!
Welcome brother.
You've seen the light, hallelujah!
Yeah, I am.
The lameness of all of the prime stuff and RNG loot finally dawned on me.
God bless.
Idk why.
I couldnt hear you at all.
You still have to tell him why.
I guess lol.
I died a hero.
Yeah man gg, just ping any of us if you wanna play again.
Hey gg, callie and vermana.
Happy mother's day everybody.
Ayd is what comes out of a butt.
Buttbuttbutt buttbuttbutt.
The whole buttcheeks.
You're a whole butt.
You're a butthole.
Y'all are dinguses.
Hes shit incarnate.
Hes not dust.
Except for ayd he's fucking dust now.
We're quantum beings that aren't dead or alive.
Being a chua.
We're just an entity at this point.
And becoming a wildstar player.
Transcending humanity.
Hell yeah I wanna identify as 'it'.
Yo serule those pins lmfao.
Do you have to explain the fights to him?
Your apparition gives me the confidence i need to keep going.
Tonight i'm going to try to do ga again.
I'd appreciate anyone who shows up and provides emotional support.
How woudl you know these things.
It's the worst.
So yeah probably.
I mean nowadays people feel inferior because they don't have special pronouns or their own bathroom.
Cup half full serule.
I thought it'd do the opposite, make them feel special!
Prolly will be playing after i do mothers day things this evening.
'least I'm not a dead ghost.
God your so old.
Like weeks ago.
Oh man, mobile Discord updated with reactions.
DON'T DEAD OPEN INSIDE.
So we are counting dead inside?
Can't kill what's already dead.
AYD is sean spicer?
That's not me.
Lol, that made me chucke serule.
THE HOUSING PLOTS HAVE UGLY BORDERS PLEASE REMOVE THEM CARBINO.
It's okay CK, the aneurysm probably messed with your memory.
That's what you get for trying to steer CRB in the right direction.
Please sux mai bawls.
Now it does.
Primes didnt exist.
If you dont like new content thats your problem.
Hey man.
Unlike Prime dungeons.
Because it's fun.
Lol nah I'm just playing it with some friends at board game night.
Millennium Accessories, kek.
Is it your job to playtest this?
Im asking why callie.
Its a card game simulating a trading card game CK.
Duh.
Wtf is that.
I have to go play a card game simulating a trading card game.
I said Friday.
But NOOOOOO, Serule is busy.
Dont really need a day planner for that.
I mean.
Not my fault none of you shitters are ever down for golf anymore.
Tfp events on a fs event board.
Yeah Matt has been organizing them.
Is Saturday GA still a thing that happens?
Suppose so.
I figured at this point does it really matter that much.
Still could've passed it to a guildie.
Cuz i quit.
Yeaaaaaah but id feel bad.
Costume spec best spec though.
Technically won it but its costume spec for me and went to scio.
Gee gee.
Nice procs.
No furries, all weaboos.
First you have to find the furry guild, and have a hostile takeover.
Thats not how it works vermana.
Jesus christ vermana.
Okay shhh i deleted it I can keep good secret.
Jk tyrius told me to play it when the sets came out i told him he was dumb.
So secret i didnt even include it in my guide.
Volx this build is a secret.
Liquid.
Dont be such a dick.
All I do is win.
I hate lewd.
I like mario party.
So let me be clear.
But now i apparently hate mario party.
Lewd asked me to play mario party and i thought it would be easier to say i didnt want to play than to admit i hate french people.
I hate lewd.
I dont hate mario party.
By that logic you hate mario party as much as ck.
Hold on.
Since when does bench win at anything?
Seems fitting.
Can we remove all channels in this discord except the graveyard cahnnel?
I have mixed feelings about mario party.
I only really like it when I'm winning by a disgusting margin haha.
Who the fuck can't hate mario party.
Who the fuck can hate mario party.
Fuck you ck you mario party hating cunt.
Aww CK you're so sweet.
I dont miss any of you.
People raid without drinking?
Every DS or GA is drunk.
I miss you bitches.
Does anyone do DS or drunk GA?
What, matt doesnt wanna do it?
Lol serule so triggered.
I'll make my bot do it.
Wait aren't they gonna be in TFP anyway?
It was cancer when I left.
Who runs GA these days.
Cool ty.
I can't.
Pls bby.
We have a spot.
TFP GA.
Wtf raid is going on.
I still dont understand.
You wouldnt understand.
Not important.
How do you come upw ith these percentages.
Was legit.
Tortoise racing?
Easter egg hiding?
Ayd what are you learning in training?
It looks just like him!
Make it stop.
Dont do it, its a trap.
Or you could just quit that dedgaem.
Now turn all that vigor into crit.
Im so proud.
Bayou Libre!
Thats fine as well.
You are forever a white mexican in my heart.
LOL the mexican thing was clearly a joke.
Or your ghost.
I don't want your love.
You're not a bot.
There you go.
Some would argue that there's not enough free market choice for patients.
Also tfw no ghost still.
Basically when business people started making healthcare decisions rather than the doctors.
So no thanks to social medicine.
Half my family are German and have free health care.
They have to see the doctors they are assigned.
My uncle was recently misdiagnosed and passed away because the diagnosis was not caught on time because he could not get a second opinion.
My grandmother needed a hip replacement and they put in the hip that was the wrong size and it was deemed too costly to fix the error.
Don't mind me just going to my doctor for free.
Yeah, gotta be immortal with the current state of health care.
Google is creepy smart.
Did you want to say somthing ayd?
Cimmaron says Trojans suck.
Nobody wins at that game.
God damn.
Yeah that's a fun game.
Had to google cloud strife.
He's a pretty boy.
Let the locked cam white knighting begin.
Or a Sonic pallette swap.
Your OC is just a recolor of the official art of Cloud Strife but with a tail.
Or even better.
Don't forget to be insanely picky about the retarded features of your dumbass character concept that's pretty much just a gay kitty cat that literally eats dicks.
Oh my.
He made a separate Twitter account recently to partition out the furry crap.
Boozy Badger that's legit.
I'm talking like.
Hmm, how obscene?
Like offensive or  truly grotesque?
However since you've specced into Graymuzzle, you could shortcut into Popufur by throwing obscene amounts of money at popular artists for a meager amount of artwork.
If I want to be more British sounding can I be greymuzzle.
Gonna get some just for fur's.
Muzzle dye.
You cannot go back.
It pretty okay.
Wow does.
Ya know what game has freecam.
Free cam IRL is called out of body experience, shits lit.
Easy target.
Vermana pls go lock you camera irl.
Woot gg bous.
And Phlowbie got it.
You also missed world first immortal starmap.
We wouldnt have got immortal if he came.
Its k.
I was pretty pissed.
It does actually.
Missed the last guild raid.
Dead to myself.
I missed my own last raid as well.
So dramatic.
Nope, you died to me lastnight when you missed my last raid.
You will always love me and you know it.
Anyways, I'm glad I don't have to deal with mouth breathing dipshits no showing anymore.
I'm free.
Schedule.
You know better.
I told you I don't get alerts nerd.
And there was a schedule as usual.
Also, we pinged you in discord.
Read up.
I said my last DS.
People like Sor were saying that after DS so I thought last night was called.
It was my last raid?
You let all the AYD's last raid talk go uncorrected.
Yeah, it's totally my fault you decided not to log in or post out.
Someone should mention that there are no pvp changes in this thread.
Your fault.
You're dead to me.
Are we a Chua erp guild now?
He's gonna learn how to catch bad guys on an AFB.
Can i have your stuff ayd?
Well thats a bummer.
To kill himself.
Why is ayd visiting texas?
Land of pickup trucks and cops in cowboy hats.
If you like Mario kart you would like wildstar!
When do you go to gunland.
Cash me outside, how bow daaa?
Would you like wildstar.
What if you like mario party.
This is me irl.
Okay, fine.
There is no lapse in sing rate data.
But that too.
Oh I was referring to the sing rate.
The absence of data is not data of absence.
Dis seems true.
I'm to lazy to figure out a formula to automate calculating that tho.
Get rekt.
Hey i beat dainjre.
Feels like a lifetime.
Everything else looks right.
That's probably an error on my part, lemme see.
Git gud.
Also I haven't gotten.
Isn't that now everyone?
Am I being trolled.
Nvm I sew mee.
Me too treets.
Twitch moral support.
Let the team down.
I'll contact caydiem ASAP.
Exploits?
Sounds like banning needs to happen.
True, there were fun times, and there were some bad dips, but seeing one of my biggest inspirations to continue on WildStar go is.
Pretty twisting, in all honesty.
I do however wish those of you leaving WildStar the best of luck in your future exploits, whatever they may be, and the best prosperity of your fruits.
Back to our RP roots.
I'm going to feel pretty sad now that you guys are officially disbanding as a raid guild.
I had a nice comment written and then Reddit died.
Just before Reddit goes down.
Dream actually sent that to you via ingame PM?
Fucking idiot, that's how you get perma banned.
Okay but spinning flamethower is best.
Looks good to me, keeps it short and sweet.
Am I missing anything?
Should I do an honourable mentions listing?
I knew what had to be done.
It was the first one he posted, that was awesome, MLG PRO MATE.
You get the clip of me killing AYD on the mini?
Ye, would appreciate invite to their discord as well if only for contact purposes.
Prob same situation here, so invite me or whatever to the other discords if you need peeps.
And if you want someone to strim how terrible everyone is.
So hit me up bruhs.
Will not be uninstalling Wildstar, and probably around if TFP or whoever you guys are going to raid with need DPS fills.
But not going to be joining up with anyone else.
Was a pleasure raiding with you dudes.
I don't feel like making it lel.
The clip for the end of immortal is up there somewhere.
And then the guild disbanding.
Needs all the memes, we had all the pinks and primal scaling and junk.
And the immortal title.
Please do.
To make people rage.
Better reddit post that immortal.
What time does tfp take their break.
Xe could've tanked it for the rest.
TFP is recruiting medics and warriors hard.
I totally should've just killed him xD.
Gotta eat enough shit to climb the shit got mountain.
Spoopy ending.
Congratulations guys.
Till primes.
It was his last time doing ds.
Wtf everyone was saying last night was AYD's last raid and that For Science is done.
I didnt think tonight was still on.
I need to adjust the clip but I have it.
We'll need to make a montage of us killing him.
Remind me.
Mission success.
Should clip the laser on robom as well.
Oh shit.
Lol uhh let's just say .
I'm late.
Still got ?
Ayd's butthole is open.
Any open spots in tonight's run?
Where are you hoe.
I just got home and I'm tired as hell do you have anyone to replace me tonight?
If only ayd recruited.
Oh the good ol days of enigmo.
Raid time.
Ayd get on for raid plz.
With a gun yeah.
Lol, I could see CK tucking you in.
Ck tuck me back in bed.
Kill me.
Servers just went back up.
I giggled.
Put your IGNs up nerds.
Posted shit in the missing persons board.
Test in prod.
Oops it broke everything.
Nah, think they just removed the feature.
You think they actual follow software standards and practices?
Rip in unit and end to end testing.
Stop being a bitch.
I wasn't talking to you ck get out of here.
Did you jusr assume my inquiry?
I didnt ask anyone specifically so no.
Did you just assume my race.
Even though I'm draken.
I identify as an aurin though.
How many aurin do you actually have tho?
I'll miss ayd.
At least I'm not stuck in the kiddie pool with komi pissing.
Wrong guild.
Into the bloodbriar heavens.
No I deserve to ascend.
Fucking foreigners dont understand customs.
You belong at the bottom of the ocean with the rest of enigma.
Lewd stop being a dick and die.
New content is new exploits is new bans.
I love new content so much this is amazing.
Its new content.
Why sleepy.
More instances with Prime levels!
Time for me to lose interest partway through unlocking Primes for all my characters again!
Yeah fix the population when everyone gets fucked out of purples.
Ladder boards are hard?
Servers are unstable, NA going down for maintenance now.
Too many pro's going hard at the leaderboards, it's killing the game!
What's the issue?
Betting its leaderboards, NA took longer cause fewer running instances.
What did they mess up this time.
Welp, servers are now boned.
The eu issue is now plagueing the na.
New alt name, ty.
Oh shit nvm they canned that project.
Like aoc is literally poo poo.
Didnt sony have a less ambitious title called everquest next?
Dude the game looks like shit on top of that.
A mean bench too.
I dont think so, FS doesnt have a red priestess, the only girl we have is just a lowly bench.
Does that mean he's coming back?
One more day.
Ded gaem?
Rip WS.
Rip WS FS DS.
RIP DS.
Rip ayds last raid.
Our DS is ded.
We living boys.
Add your info and edit it at will.
Thats cool.
Still need people?
I guess so.
NOBODY DOES RAGE LOGIC.
Also one of the new Prime Instances is Rage Logic.
Rip half the addons.
I may be late for that ds.
No idea by how much.
They make amazing bbq food that stuffs you.
I dunno it was some place drunk took me a few times it's a chain there apparently.
Dafuq is dinesaur barbecue?
One thing I miss from the us is your Bbq meat.
Bbq fucking ribs.
Oh yeah baby it's time.
Wasn't he like the second pink ever or someshit too.
He salvaged, had support give it back to him and then deleted it I believe.
He was an EU esper right.
Who was it that did that.
It's not too late.
Fuck i knew i forgot to do something.
Or you're a bitch.
Delete your pink on Reddit too.
If you dont have a pink then you're shit.
But if you have a pink and you havent quit then you're shit, too.
Rip my epen.
I quit before real RMT progression.
Youre shit.
So I can wank off to my epen.
Its a tarp.
Dont do it.
Oh shit I should play again.
Its the dark ages.
The newage of worldstar.
What even the fuck was that RNGesus.
I know they have talked about raid bosses and world bosses that change based on the nodes in the region.
Will be intresting.
Doesnt seem to be a description of classes or combat either.
They mentioned raids but it was only a few words.
I only developed slight cancer from this post.
Idk i like their forums.
The site seems to just give buzz word descriptions of everything.
I saw that game too when I was looking around.
I mean he made it so.
Yeah giga showed me that.
Looks pretty cool.
Ive been following the game for the last month or two.
Also vulpes.
Thats a planet to be jealous of.
Now aldinari.
Why would i be jealous of the first dead planet.
And yall just jealous.
Fat planet.
His planet is worthless.
No your planet is just tiny.
Sore those planets we kill aren't the real planets, they're too tiny to be real planets.
Obvi.
Someone recommend me a good game plz.
Your planet dies first every time vulpes.
But isn't it nearly impossible to find shoes for a Mechari?
Also sucks for you Mordesh, Mechari are already immortal and nearly indestructable, gitfucked.
Wheres my planet?
Its pretty neat.
I got a planet.
If theyre so advanced, why couldnt they contain a zombie apocalypse?
You sheep, this is what pappy wants, lore discussions.
YET ANOTHER reason why the mordesh arent that great.
True, but it only took a few.
It started with the serum.
Do be aware that the contagion is and was spread by bites and other fluid mixing.
A LOT of people.
No civilization can be considered advanced if they fall for something so stupidly and in such great numbers.
Imagine if CNN or whatever started selling a cureall potion, how many people would just believe it and end up as space elf zombies?
They all bought into one crazy ass scientists immortality potion and died.
True story.
Gl those take forever.
Pros of everyone starving to death in NK?
They have way less Obesity than in the US.
Hey, some of the pieces of those rockets get really far off the launch pad.
The same way North Korea thinks they're the Master Race and can't even feed their people or get their rockets off the launchpads.
Nah you bitches better bow down to the Mordesh master race.
Mechari are where it's at though.
Nah Draken wenches are hot.
Take it back.
Shut the FUCK up volx.
Draken make the WORST waifus.
He found the waifu now its time to leave.
Nutted laveka a few times and just leaving huh.
When ayd stops raiding.
Its like a mile away.
I love the max camera zoom.
Fuck yeah.
Ermagerd its sooo much better.
I just prefer to have my right click be a skill instead of a camera.
But i thought it was built around fixed cam?
Was fun coming raiding with yall again.
Looking forward for more.
I'll see about getting in.
Oh shit.
Ah i gotchu.
And when is regular raid time again?
I'm doing bonus dungeon right now.
Oh regular raid time.
Just a reminder there's GA tonight for anyone that wants to come.
Also depends on the state.
Some states like florida have more power to force you to work fucked up hours then other states.
Actually yes it is illegal.
Lot's of people who don't know what they are talking about as well.
Maybe more a few key weeks a year.
You don't become a google or amazon by having crap employee's.
If you arent you well feel pressure no doubt.
If you are there is no pressure and the job is great.
Really what it comes down to is.
Are you good at your job?
Rant starts about one company then the others mention how another is just as bad.
Normal stuff.
C'mon man.
Not delayed and compressed.
Fuck that.
It needs to be live and interactive.
We can stream it.
Else how would we know y'all actually did it properly?
Or at least normal party mode but no collisions.
Pass.
I'll be sabotaged.
Not sure?
I was only talking about the physical abuse.
Like financially?
Did she not win in the end?
Or outside interference?
Can be hired for whatever team vulpes isnt on.
If so, i can be hired to troll during the challenge.
Will game rules include collision?
In golf.
What challenge?
Joke's on you, Serule is an electromage.
Boo, I want that one.
I choose a bird.
Pretty weird feeling to run an experiment and see how it affects revenue VS the control.
Probably just the particular job and team.
Not enough staff or just the job?
Why is streetview so stressful?
Leave out the upskirt searches though on the browser history.
Yeah, I have a friend who recently moved here to work at LinkedIn and he says there's a lotta older folks.
Holding back talent etc.
Too many long timers.
I know about IBM tho LUL.
Oh thanks.
I think MS may legit be crappy.
Fair enough.
For example.
AWS brings in far more revenue than retail and they didn't get there by having a poor work environment that didn't attract talent.
You can find people from any major tech that had a bad experience at one or the other.
My point is they all have to be good places to work or they wouldn't be major players.
It's all the same.
Hire and develop the best.
Yeah and we have a similar saying.
Conceited?
Maybe, it's a sort of meme here.
Otherwise they miss out on talent.
Right they all do now.
Some, sure, but the company itself goes to pretty great lengths to try to be like 'no we gotta be inclusive!
So I'm sure that doesn't get tiring.
Google company culture is apparently super SJW these days.
It's all one off opinions.
A bud from college who also works here is aaaaaa stress mode, but he's on a different team.
Google Street View.
Meanwhile I'm like 'lolads' in Ads land, getting good perf results, but not really feeling like I'm doing that much.
Google employees are not accepting and conceded is what I've heard.
I have for sure.
But shrug, it probably depends a lot on what team you're on anyway, too.
I pretty much act at work like I do here with very little changes and people don't have a problem with it.
It's the people that wear a suit to work that don't fit in.
I also think a lot of that is spread by recruiters.
I have heard similar things about all the major techs.
I have never experienced it.
Yeah I dunno it's such a large company maybe it's like that in some areas.
But idk, maybe it has changed.
The culture has changed.
That was what the article said.
It's legit fun now.
I have heard it was worse in the past.
I've never heard any good things from all of the SWEs I've heard from who work or have worked for Amazon.
I think the warehouse jobs are pretty bad though.
The other jobs like mine are amazing.
Maybe in a warehouse.
The difference is working here isn't shit, unlike working at Amazon.
Rip in noprocs.
I trust them not to spam until they get a proc.
This is going to become aids real quick.
Fighter of the free cam.
The rabbit is a prick.
Still better than Ariel's world in KHII.
Fucking musicals.
Most of the time you're visiting all the Disney worlds to fight darkness monsters and shit.
Like monsters in the Cave of Wonders in Aladdin, or the ship in Peter Pan, or places in Pirates of the Carribean, or the jungle in Tarzan.
Evil darkness creature things.
And then you have fucking Winnie the Pooh where you literally like help him swing or help Rabbit get fucking carrots.
Waiting on Serule's novel.
I'm gonna rename to Vermana defenderoflockedcam.
So i dont get the reference.
Vulpes is just bored waiting on his gcd.
Never played KH.
You couldnt just run around fo a minute and get all your MP back you actually had to do something.
Jokes on you, i like the food quests.
Same, it encouraged aggressive play since you could get enough MP back to do basic shit from attacking.
Tab target some carbuncles.
Just bring elixers you shitter.
Go do a food quest vulpes.
But it wasnt a terrible system.
It's not even close.
It wasnt that baad.
I guess its not, but its certainly far from content.
Nah man the MP system in KH II was stupid.
Serule is easily pleased.
It has a bird mage in it, good enough for me.
That's not the same as saying I hate the game.
Imagine that.
Still a good game though.
I agree Sor.
Vulpes nice try.
Since we're calling cameras shit.
We get it.
I mean no its not really that anymore, its more that youve been going on about it for like an hour.
You salt lord.
This is amusing.
Cause I call a camera shit.
Shut er down bois.
Thats like telling ck to stop shit posting in wildstar subreddit.
Hate it all you want just dont force your salt on everyone else.
Im just bored plz dont hate me.
BILLY STOP HATING SOMETHING I LIKE.
Of course you can hate it.
Wtf I can't hate it?
Because it's shit.
I mean you've been shitting on the camera for like an hour now.
I have been playing it.
Oh find where I said I hate the game.
That's a stretch to say it was designed around ot.
Im not white knighting the camera, I'm saying you're being irrational for hating a game because of its camera system.
When you have never even actually played the game.
So they could design content around not having it.
They got rid of the free look for a reason.
Its not white knighting the camera system so much as countering your absurd reasoning for concluding the game is shit for having it.
Is dumb.
But still the argument that it had a feature in cbt but no longer does means that a new raid is designed to have that feature.
I'm just enjoying how hard Vermana is white knighting a camera system.
My bad.
U right.
Wildstar and new content.
Im just bored.
Yes removing features does actually make it worse.
I don't understand the rage.
Just zoom out a shitload it's practically freecam.
Well it doesnt have it, does that make the game inferior?
Not really no.
So you can't claim it was designed around locked camera.
Also bns had free camera in one version of cbt.
Pretty sure having freecam in CS wouldnt help the game.
GOOD WORK VERMANA.
Im sure they implemented no freecam into counterstrike for a good reason.
I agree completely, i also believe CSGO has a shit camera system because it doesnt have freelook.
Just like a game where you can't zoom out much is a limit.
It has to do with why they chose to implement that limitation.
I personally think having options would be nicer.
And it's just a limit.
I dont get why its such a big deal it's not like you're being drafted into playing the game.
That has nothing to do with being an action mmo or not.
Limiting spacial information creates other challenges that must be overcome.
I have!
How are they ruined?
Give one legit reason.
Goes both ways unfortunately.
You can take that argument and show how stupid it is very easily.
If you want freecam, keep playing WS or go play WoW and deal with tabtarget.
Guy wants an action MMO but cant handle locked camera.
Im sorry to tell you this but there are no other action MMOs besides wildstar that do not have locked camera.
Or a game you play with no monitor is a design choice and you have to learn to adapt.
Ok so wildstar would be better if you had godmode and all the abilities in the game.
Then a game where you can't turn is totally ok because you have to adapt to the mechanics.
No it isnt.
No thats the correct response.
That's a ridiculous attempt at defending a locked camera.
I mean whats the point of being able to do everything.
Games arent all power fantasy it's overcoming mechanics.
It is inferior it lets you do less.
Everything is inferior to an RTS.
Im just making the case that if a game is designed for locked camera that doesn't make it inferior.
A shooter is not inferior to an RTS.
I cant say the camera sucks?
So defensive.
If you dont wanna play nobody is forcing you lol.
The game is designed around it.
And that's why it sucks.
Thats the point.
Locked camera in mmo is crap it's limiting you nothing more.
Or strafe.
Sprint, jump, spin, shoot, continue.
Im sorry that you play a trash class that does not require line of sight.
Ala hunter kiting in wow.
You can run, jump and turn mid air and shoot, and then land and keep running.
Think warlock running away dotting.
Which is especially important in pvp games, which shooters and BnS are.
Right so you can't really kite in bns.
The idea is to limit information available to you at any certain orientation.
The camera view in a first person shooter is analogous to a locked camera in a third person game.
The important prt is that you're locked to see only whats in your field of view and must physically turn to alter that view.
I'm sure there are more.
That's not free look though.
Sure sprint was the wrong word.
Do you put the gun over your shoulder and pew?
You're backpedaling while shooting forwards.
I cant do that in real life.
But you're not sprinting forward and shooting backwards.
Thats hilarious.
Wait what fps lets you sprint forward and turn around and shoot behind you blindfire.
Um most.
PUBG has free cam if you hold down alt to look around without turning your body.
Blade and Soul has the exact same thing.
You can hold down alt and right click to look around without turning your body.
You can sprint forward and shoot behind you.
Freecam in FPSes is akin to turning only your head to look at shit.
First person vs third person.
FPS vs TPS.
It is not strafing.
ARMA and PUBG have freecam.
You run one way shoot another.
They all are.
That makes no sense.
Hmmm, so FPS games would be better with free cam?
Unless part of the game design requires limiting information accessible to you i.
Camera lock.
It may be a design choice but that doesn't preclude it from being bad.
Unless the game is literally designed for locked camera and everyone is playing with locked camera.
There is no advantage to be had because it does not exist.
Less is not better.
It's a matter of less or more control.
Free camera will always beat a locked camera.
No Vulpes in these cases and in my opinion they are total shit not different.
Expedition leaderboards might be an esport.
I am so worried about those.
So far it hasnt affected my clears, my dps, pvp, or anything else negatively in any way soooooooo im good thx.
Does it ever actually matter?
Not really.
If I can find any point in the game where I have to do that and do not have the option of moving to the left or right a couple steps ill let ya know.
Nor an efficient one.
Not always a viable option.
You can target a farther target and interrupt that one.
If the first thing in line is the target.
Dont have to tab to throw bruiser, he launches himself in a line.
And tab target for bruiser bot interupt.
Got eeem.
You have to tab target the orb on morde for bots.
Tabtarget skills are cancer.
Dont have to tabtarget anything as an Engi.
Bruh I have AllySelector now and yes it's useful.
No one clicks shit.
Serule thats whyyou get macro.
This is is the problem with finding a new mmo they all have some total shit  issue I can't deal with.
I move my mouth away from the mic to breathe.
Can't select the ally with Soulfire to Bolster with camera lock, unless I wanna accidentally run into an orb.
Can't run one way and look another.
I hold down right click all the time to see, lel.
Camera lock is terrible.
Not really though.
I play with camera lock as well.
I mean I did pretty well obviously.
Camera lock is fucking cancer.
How did you do anything?
Having to hold down right click all the time to see is fucking cancer.
Might be a way.
I play Wildstar with camera lock so it's irrelevant to me, prefer it this way.
No I mean having it not be total shit and locked to the way you are facing.
You unlock the camera by holding alt or opening a window.
He better not have, he was told not to since we were using our secret guideless strats.
Dnps progress.
Stream what.
Lol didn't dainjre stream it all.
Can the camera be unlocked?
Mushin for new Stormtalon.
Oh that's an accomplishment.
Still more pop than wildstar, lul.
Ye seems that way.
Best way to word not enough pop on the servers.
Probs not, sounds like they're pretty much merged servers.
I guess if you play on Mushin I dont have to xfer?
Servers are linked?
Thats new too.
Wake up cricket.
Not wasting the money if nobody joins.
Yeah so go for the high pop.
I'll xfer over if a few of us decide to play.
Oh, well there you go.
As far as I can tell there are no server transfers in the game.
I guess I'll probably spin up a character on Mushin then since better pop?
He has revealed himself.
It is keyvis.
But leave that out.
Well we cut deeply into our duped stash.
How much bloodbriar was used?
Be sure to use no guides and no Omni bits used during this progression.
Can leave some of the meme shit out.
Can you link og?
Thanks bb.
Okay ill try a shit post for you.
And thats putting it loosely.
Lawlta is the only one who is informed.
I think Baelix should get it.
Every mod no longer plays.
Why he's still mod I have no clue.
Lulta is being a bitch and removing our posts.
Please do it.
Much like you do.
So he made a new account to act like he knew what he was talking about, because he knows anyone that sees his name will discredit it immediately.
This isnt him.
Johnny is a casual retard.
For instance, you have multiple accounts to post on for credibility purposes.
Whats the motive.
A new hobby and more hobbies are not mutually exclusive.
Still disagree.
You don't need to be banned to make a new account.
If anything i need more hobbies.
Yall need a new hobby.
Gtfo you scrub.
No point to make new acc.
Johnny isnt banned.
Keyvis didn't.
Loads of people use excessive emojis.
Its keyvis.
Then makes a post linking rains stream of which is the gm of his guild.
And posts about shit new player wouldnt jnow or care about.
Only posts in wildstar.
Keyvis is banned from reddit and makes new accoubts basically daily.
Whats your evidence?
It is.
I dont think it is.
I went through his old posts.
Got you bae.
It sounds more like johnnywishbone than keyvis.
Cant afford new hardware.
We had a piece of hardware fail this morning, everything should be switched over to alternate hardware by now.
Send your complaints to rains.
Its like vik but worse.
Its keyvis.
I accept this challenge.
That makes it more interesting.
That was like.
The second thing I did for the bot.
Because AYD tried to game it by swapping his nickname LUL.
Ill figure it out.
Wait what.
Swapping nicknames?
Make a macro to make and delete messages until it procs.
Oh boy that was quick!
Rolls too shit.
Never got a pink.
We did it reddit.
Can it not use that emoji?
I dont think its working as often as it should.
Come on serule wtf.
I will find you.
And murder you.
Oh wait.
I will find you and murder you.
But damned is not so.
I feel like damn is like fuck and it can be used anywhere as anything.
I can and will.
I can and I will.
I can.
I will.
But I'm going to stick with my earlier comment.
Because I was right in the first place.
I can.
And I will.
You cant go both ways.
There is a right and wrong way.
You have to pick.
You cant just accept either way callie.
Damn is a verb, damned is an adjective.
Hmm.
Either way I suppose.
Damned doesnt sound right.
Also is it god damned or god damn mouth?
Eh, i'm used to doc, you cant cross that line.
CK, kindly shut your god damned mouth.
Asian women are my favorite they are so obedient.
Lmk if im crossing a line im not racist.
Can we make a weeabo channel for these wannabe slit eyed honkies.
Has to be huge ass gon.
Can't make a normal human male force master.
All the races are human except the dumb bunny race.
Wow I hate race locked classes.
Fuckin level cap increase.
Bitch please.
Il just blame you if I do that.
Just is a waste of dinner if you pick a class you dont like or somethin.
This is true.
Il make one first I guess.
It's like the cost of dinner.
It's not that much.
But okie.
Oh I'm waitin on character delete then.
You name and then select.
Its after char creation.
I can't even find where to select server.
I have more money than time.
Its wildstar speed or faster.
We need to decide on a server.
Oh, most content is cross server.
Lol sweet.
I apparently have a lvl character named rice crispies.
Its an asian game bruh.
Holy shit those are some Asian server names.
I'll probably move my character over to Mushin I suppose if you guys start playing.
Lol go tell your lies somewhere else.
Please die away from me.
Gosh you are helpless.
It was a reminder not a rule altercation.
I didnt.
You can't claim golf rules after people role.
Read my post.
He was being sore loser.
Read your own post.
Golf rules my ass.
That means you did the worst so far billy.
Sorry Billy, golf rules.
Get rekd ayd.
Way to be a sore loser.
Youre just aayibg that because you lost.
It's not golf rules nerd.
Golf rules, suck it ayd.
Seems legit.
That sounds awful already.
The PvP is a lot of fun if you can wade through the bots and find real people.
Looking at possibly spinning up BnS, are there servers everyone's gotta be on?
Is there a fotm?
They gotta make money somehow.
Maybe it was the devs.
Oh no not the plat, its such a valuable resource.
Desperate gold farmers.
Wtf is who the hell hacks a wildstar account.
I have all my gear , plat is gone.
Gl man.
Seems even though I have reset the pw its still on.
Anyone know hwo the the password lockout is for too many attempts?
I just changed it again.
I had a password change notification.
Someone hacked my account.
Serule has more detailed patch notes than crb.
Sorry, not even CRB knows how to do that, Volx.
What are those, patch notes?
Nice eggs.
I FOUND IT.
Oh shit, that means war right?
That means you get all the loot.
Ill be late.
I cast Fist.
Joke's on you, I have feathers.
Gotta make raid harder somehow.
Make sure you use CR completely wrong and dodge sideways so you spin the cleave.
So you're tanking tonight then, right?
Why would you want to make him number one.
Gleos alive!
RIGGED AS FUCK.
Fucking rigged.
Lol these rolls are garbage.
This shit isn't broken is it.
No, you wont.
Sounds good.
This is what raiding only once a week does to you I guess.
Alright I think I found an incentive to implement Kappa Points and gambling bullshit.
Spend KP to get emoji procs.
And sure, why not, the OG.
I'm stupid and didn't realize that other roll lol.
I DIDN'T GET TO ROLL FOR THIS.
There is too much math in these dank memes.
But you get bench if he beats you.
Lol no!
I dont want both.
I only want bugdad.
You can roll for that too if you want, sure.
Why does it have to be the bench.
Why cant it be bugdad.
Lol you ruined it serule.
I am unimpressed.
AMATEUR HOUR.
What's the command again?
Oh fine.
No less.
Can i be spoopy pls.
After I finish this other thing.
After I spookify more people.
Vulpes pls.
Just wait.
It's April, dumbass.
Im gone by end of feb.
Is now may.
I never caused wipes.
Your counter calls caused wipes.
Im perfect.
But in DS.
Drunk GA rules.
Every time you die you take a shot.
Can i finally get a pink.
Sounds good.
So we can listen to Vulpes be belligerent without causing wipes.
Or get drunk and do DS.
RMT?
I dunno.
What raid would we do.
Calling everyone shit.
Can we have a spooky ghost raid?
Go out with a bang.
Rip ayd.
It's probably going to happen the same way it did when I had to step out from DS.
You are terrible at analogies.
In this context.
It's not old age if I die before wildstar does.
I just finished dealing with the funeral you know.
TT forgave my sins and let me into wildstar heaven.
I dont think you understand suicide pacts AYd.
Me and vulpes quit whered you go.
Ayd what happened to our suicide pact.
I don't think anyone here has any interest in doing prime raiding.
Same content, no added difficulty with the exception of scaling.
The game is getting very stale.
Yeah but i thought i was the spookiest ghost.
Don't worry, we'll all be dead soon.
Its a nice place.
Same tenshu.
No, you're definitely in hell.
I'm in wildstar heaven now, it's glorious.
It's closer to a month ago actually.
Spooky ghostys.
Wait am i not the only ghost?
Idk what you are talking about.
Donald has the best crit mit.
Nobody knows more about crit mit than Donald.
Then again neither do I apparently.
I don't think Donald Trump calls people retards or knows anything about crit mit.
He's hiding his massive bald spot and remaining greasy hair.
Cant expect much from him tbh.
The dude wheres a hat indoors.
Truly your name it's here is fucking shit btw.
They don't track raids.
Anybody know how the pve leader boards work?
Do they work?
Nah expedition leaderboard will prove we are scrub tier.
Top guild NA.
They can't all be elite like For Sci.
Lol I can't honestly say it.
It's VindicateD.
I honestly dont know if thats true or troll.
What guild is this?
I believe that's the raid that convinced them into deciding that shredder progression was possible.
I'll take your word for it.
Oh.
Yeah, I don't want to put that much effort into seeing this.
Vod from their raid yesterday.
Not a stream.
LINK THIS STREAM.
Rune for Rabbit Mit you fool.
CK pls.
STOP BEING A PRICK YOU DICKHOKE.
It's literally every pull.
Link this please.
Yes.
PBH and AS too.
I thought i heard a few matrix abilities were like that.
And grab his orbs?
Talking about how hot you are, AYD.
Still watching that stream?
Why do you hate yourself.
Burn strat means doing fire mechanics obvi.
Fucking shitter.
I've already done all i could to educate shit tier tanks.
Instead of calling people bad, just try and imagine gameplay in their shoes.
I find pretending to have autism to be accurate in most cases.
Instead of being triggered try and see it from his perspective.
Maybe he sees something you don't.
Maybe he has a mental disability and feels secure using pdu on cd?
The fuck is he runing for, I think my glance spec has more armor than he does.
This is really bad.
He also uses PDU for literally no reason.
Stop being so elitist plz ser.
This is mak right?
Maybe if you sent him some positive vibes he'd feel inclined to improve.
The air tanking spot is garbage too, he doesn't move Air from initial spot.
He doesn't even hit boss with CR on pull.
Don't be elitist.
He's trying okay.
Let him learn.
Since someone posted keelhauled i feel obligated to post the engineer rmt set theme song.
Don't make fun of ascent.
They try really hard okay they will get it.
They just need a better raid comp.
Oh boy do they.
They do.
I want to watch the train wreck.
Please tell me they stream.
Yea, they will not meet enrage even if they all stay alive.
But still they defo shouldnt move to shredder.
The thing is half of them always die so idk what their actual dps is.
Burn strat the shredder, skip mechanics.
Depends on their heroism.
I've got bad news for them.
I just saw a guild decide they want to do shredder progression after they wiped on earth air for an entire night.
Don't ask me, ask the dude who posted it.
Son i am the disappoint.
Also that song is sort of underwhelming.
All Redmoon Terror Class Setted Warriors should listen to this.
Wish I could come.
Ayd I gotta sleep for work Mang.
Am i a spoopy ghost now too?
Huh what happened to dasmoose?
RIP pink fan club.
Playing Fro Bot tonight.
Any space left in the DS?
Wait for me I'll be there in like an hour.
Sounds sexual.
What's DS?
A type of pizza?
He was a vet member.
Yeah we made moose leave after pissing him off.
Military time best time, no ambiguity.
Another thing I need to update the bot for.
Nevermind.
You're useless.
He left the discord lol.
I've seen him before.
What happened?
Do you know das moose?
Funny shit happened in wildstar discord.
Ah they're on ptr now?
Is housing thing on ptr?
Store and expeditions.
Working on taking phonecalls and filing notices of employment termination.
Apparently the only clearly visible change is store lol.
Cadiem has nothing to do with anything.
Ill be available for that raid.
This shit sucks dickweed.
And he never asked how to do it.
Post says its his job to update but he hasnt gotten around to it.
PVE leaderboard that doesn't track raid progression lol.
They dont know how to update the website?
Lelelelel.
More deflect and you could have avoided the whole situation.
Don't forget picking up all the crit mit!
Sounds like you didn't have enough primal matrix.
I actually survived the fall.
Get good dainjre.
Lmao volx you and your secret language.
Ruthless dinner.
Winner winner.
Looks more like hardwentors though.
It took me a second.
But the second R is clever.
I always do two sessions, first one is warm up, second session is doin work son.
Damn straight.
IIRC we're catching up because we're already behind a day and last session was cut short.
Sat is on for tonight.
Any sat people here should not be confused by sun people guessing.
And the info is there.
There is a sat chat which all dat people are in.
Hey at least i can spell chat.
Chat you inbred.
Whats caht.
We have it.
We have it tomorrow.
No DnD Tonight?
Duno if i can go isnt  DND tonight?
Also, I gotta like any series where the main villain succeeds at controlling the world for half of the story.
The manga's version of the ending was way better.
Death Note's ending was super necessary imo.
I liked it.
I do wish they would do a alternate ending showing how lights world would really be.
All dramatically.
And he gets punished in the end.
The whole point of his death was that everyone was closing in on him.
Light fucked around with death too much.
They should have ended the show after L died.
Everything afterwards was a letdown.
And getting so attached by the end of it you like what the fuck is wrong with me when justice wins out.
Thats the point of death note dude.
They twist you into rooting for the evil guys.
They just threw away everything they had built about Light in one episode.
Lol no.
They could have ended it much better.
I hope they do, when they do the live action version.
It was fucking awful.
Only way to end it.
Whaddya mean.
Death note ending is great.
Yeah that last episode pissed me off the most, I wouldn't have been annoyed as much with the outcome if it wasn't executed like complete shit.
Damn, this thing is from the days before webm or gifv.
I guess at least im not watching sao.
They made the wrong people lose!
This means I can send you the swimming gif.
I want my time back.
Fuck the ending was so unsatisfyingly shit.
Just finished death note.
Free game.
After that shit show Wednesday I figured a name change was in order.
The whole thing?
I feel you brah.
Dumb question I'd like to ask, is there going to be a DS later or tomorrow perchance?
Carbine uncle?
Bug dads brother.
I hate the name carbuncle it's fucking awful.
Sucks to be you.
Was it?
Pandamonium was my launch guild ck plz.
Square why you choose that name.
Also damn risky google search.
But how could anyone hate Carbuncle?
Also he hates this apparently.
What was that other panda guild they ate?
Wildstar is now too asian for me.
I also dont like cash shops and grind fests.
I dont like no wushu chow young fat flying panda mmo.
I SAW THAT LOL.
Go get your unicorn frap and hush.
Some asian mmos can be too asian because of the period they are in.
Asian mmos are too asian because of their features.
Never been called that before.
Asshole, dickhead, prick, jackass many other names ,not wise.
I like how all you ass munchers watch anime then claim certian mmo's are too asian.
It's so boring I'd rather be playing WildStar than watching it.
I mean if you understand japanese otherwise you can only get so far on dubbed.
Leave it on while doing other things.
You get bored enough and let it run.
Its easy.
I do.
They don't.
Wtf high intensity bullying.
Can you.
Shut up lewd.
A weeb channel wouldn't be able to contain my power level.
Yeah if you made a weeb channel it would only be lewd in it.
Shut up weeb.
Watching anime doesn't mean being weab ayd.
I'll make a weeb channel for you.
Hello fellow anime viewers how do you do.
Why would I do that?
You guys are free to be weebs.
How do you do.
KONICHIWA MY FELLOW ANIME WATCHERS.
Here he comes about to shit talk anime.
Ayd stalking.
Hence the glorious.
I thought it was nice.
Should probably go watch the glorious trainwreck that is Code Geass then.
Shit I'm gonna get bullied for that statement.
At least this plot is interesting enough to justify how fucking slow it is.
I'd show you the swimming gif, but there are spoilers.
Cant live without da chip.
Dont forget the chip.
Chippity chip chip.
Chip the chuppy chip chip.
Chip scene.
That was a real fucking sub.
Shit I haven't seen that bit.
Live like larry.
Or larry?
L stands for loser.
The only thing good about that series was the memes.
Spoil inc.
Yeah I never really gave it a chance.
If you have watched it clearly you dont care.
Writing a name in the book kills people.
You could tell me anything and I wouldn't be surprised the amount of plot twists in this.
Its been forever since that came out.
So i know what to spoil next.
How far are you in?
Finishing death note first though.
Yeah I was gonna check that out.
If you want story with it and longer series then hunter x hunter.
Already have.
If you want fight scenes just watch one punch man.
What a dickmuncher.
Wow dont even watch dbz.
I don't even watch dbz.
Bet you like dbz cause fight scenes and didnt like steins gate because no fight scenes.
The sea of shit makes the gems easier to identify.
I hate you already.
Fight scenes.
The real question is, how good are the fight scenes.
And you're saying it appears good cuz everything else in that genre has been shit.
Isekai is a story that puts characters from one world into a completely different one.
Whether by summoning, portal, reincarnation, etc.
Ngl rezero looks like it caters to neckbeards.
Wtf is isekai.
Coeboy bobeep.
Stop hyping it so much.
It was a fresh take on the Isekai genre which has just been absolutely flooded with garbage the last couple years.
Come on.
Like coeboy.
Feel like to you guys either give shit super high rating or low ratings.
You didnt like rezero?
Is re zero worth it.
Also vpn wat.
Nobody cares about torrenting anime Lewd.
Space Dandy.
Live action ghost in the shell PogChamp.
Samurai x, .
Hack, outlaw star should be added to that list too.
Im not!
Just saying how good the series are.
Don't you shit talk that movie.
Oh yeah that anime is amazing.
I should watch the space anime with the corgi though.
Trigun is my jam.
Hmm not sure about anime movies.
Stuff like that.
Ghost in the shell the movie, trigun, cowboy bepop.
Nah i meant like.
Everyone does.
I hate shinji.
What, classics like nge.
Ghost in the shell SAC series is excellent.
You should watch the classics.
Ghost in the shell ?
Maybe watch movies?
If you watched naruto it's ok I guess.
Uhh what about boruto.
He's fucking hilarious to me.
I would recommend it for the main character though.
Ck is right.
Its just not hype good.
Its good.
I wouldnt recommend sao unless you bored.
Anime nerd alert.
I keep hearing its super trash.
Should i bother with sao?
Yeah jojos is probably my favourite one to date.
On low it slowly fades out of existence from far away.
Holy shit.
Jamie helped a lot.
I made the house out of sigils, check it out on dainjre dainjre.
And this shit is easy to watch while eating.
Lewd, why are you streaming?
Medic Probe Symphony in DPS Sharp Minor.
Pew pew pew.
Let's all just be glad Wong doesn't play a medic.
NI is by far the most annoying sound in the game.
It's trying to tell me something.
I think.
Please dont include him with us.
Hes the redneck step child of stalkers we never asked for.
Not the same.
No he plays mongotank.
Ew, but AYD plays that class.
Be part of the stalker purple lords.
Why even bring other healers with Sigil being a thing.
I was wrong.
Indirect and direct hits count, didnt do late ptr testing because i was certain ty wouldnt fail me.
Yeah think so.
PK Flame totally procs Sigil on myself, right?
There is no escape.
That and nobody really said anything last night at the start of RMT.
When a DPS slinger with sigil.
Was doing as much healing as me on trash.
And I wanted to shoot myself.
Who said you were and why?
See, I'm not crazy, I swear.
It's fine, I know he has extra resistance against verbal punches.
It's a feature some trash has.
Oh shit nice.
Wow.
Not many people push serule to viciousness.
You're special lewd.
I thought we were cool man.
Wtf man.
Its core to this discord.
Very crucial.
I forgot the furry part.
Why not both.
Dnd guild now?
Ck is mythical just like scamaz.
While he's here, maybe CK should wild magic and hope I haven't broken anything.
You're late though.
Oh, they were talking about you, how you're a lurker and you'd show up if anyone mentioned you.
Like a cinematic death where he just lays in a bed of flowers, finally free with one last breath, and just vanishes into petals and dust in the wind.
I can only imagine CK dying when wildstar's remains are in ashes and scattered to the wind.
Double dead.
Died downstairs.
But he's already dead?
Prob died.
Maybe he just died.
Maybe hes bored at work during the day?
Yeah seriously.
I like how he sees every post in here immediately but when you need him he's no where.
Save us.
You regain all expended sorcery points.
Fucking napping lol.
For the next minute, you must shout when you speak.
CK, I know you're not getting notifications you fucking nolifer.
Nope, how disappointing.
Am i autospooky now?
How do you not know this.
Where are you from.
Wait what.
Im not an amerifat.
What do you mean why am I up.
Look at this nerd.
Why are you up cam wtf.
Hon hon baguette.
Feels French schedule man.
Meh idk, not sure.
Idk some guys at my school who did internships there said they did.
Let me check LUL.
Dont you get like free servers for working at google or someshit.
So I'll just buy a Raspberry Pi or something.
I think the bot is ignoring !
Roll because it's listening for messages, and that overrides commands.
Yeah but Vulpes is the deadest dead.
Super dead.
Isn't treets dead too?
Bannable tbh.
This is impersonation.
I'm too good.
ABUSE OF POWEE.
If you're going to take my name, at least pretend to be Lueres.
Because anagram.
Don't tone it down for vulpes, otherwise I'll go in and do it anyways.
The bot is down right now, don't you worry.
Time to tone it down.
Spell is effective.
Wouldn't that be like a dirty rat.
Trying to conspire against me.
Because he's a snake.
Why snake.
Serule, add snake to Wong pls.
Why would you say that.
Nah, that's no fun.
I'm looking through the API for the other thing.
Can't he disable nicknames?
Your sorcery is associated by nickname.
All I have to do is change it.
It's k.
GOT EM.
AYD doesn't wanna play, what a shitter.
Since he's kinda dead.
Add kinda to it as well.
Way ahead of you.
Serule, make that bot auto ghost vulpes.
Lagging to bad.
Reset my router and still having issues.
Anyone else for rmt minis?
Our lockout.
Don't thank hin.
If wildstar is to be saved, we need to be selective about who we let start the game.
By shitposting in any Reddit post by a new player.
CK is busy saving wildstar, show some respect.
CK calling people casual.
Not doing raid.
Can't join the DS.
FeelsBadMan.
I want to go but won't be on until start of raid.
Its fine.
We can just do minis after it.
But I've completely lost faith in WS after that last announcement, I havent logged on at all since wednesday.
I'll probably come since yeah we never raid anymore.
I know, I'm being garbage.
Prime raids lololololol.
Everyone is welcome to come, or choose not to.
It's not mandatory Vermana.
Kind of throwing it together and see who wants to come out of boredom.
Since wen do we DS on tuesday.
People still need mini loot?
Multibox it.
You dun fuked up now.
Ffs i posted a picture of ayd on easter, people pls.
ADMIN ABOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE.
Which i mean, no business of mine.
You caught me.
Unless that was your intention.
It's k, he's gonna miss being called daddy very soon.
You're just enabling his bdsm fantasy with you.
Lmfao you actually did it.
I gave him the chance.
THERE IS A RULE OKAY.
Abuse of power.
Change it or say goodbye.
But my identity.
There's a strict no aurin policy.
Also, can you change your avatar in my guild discord.
Make it stop.
Oh thank god you're older than me Daddy.
That means I'm older than him.
He is a child.
Ahh true.
So offended.
Ayd I thought you were old.
HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW CARMEN SANDIEGO.
So it makes sense.
I don't know what that is, but it sounds really gay.
Holy shit, a new Carmen SanDiego series is coming to Netflix.
Lmao the crayons.
Pls no.
I don't know what that means, but I'm scared.
They don't call me gnarly cause I am cool ,thats for sure.
Don't be making fun of Uncle Sil.
Listen, Lauren.
You mean Grandpa?
Uncle Sil isn't doing it for me anymore.
Autumn needs new beatbait.
Wasted trip.
I'll hide.
The gas money tho.
I'll just drive to Shreveport.
I'm just a regular dude.
It's not worth autum.
Lol autumn.
For ayd picture.
I got no use for plat no more.
He wouldn't betray me like that.
We had a gym brotherhood.
Straight cash homey.
Please share.
Awrf if you actually have it.
The blackmail is real.
Send offer.
What you looking to get out of the pics.
Hand it over too so I can trace a bunny over it.
Nice job awrf.
Don't do this to me.
LOL AWRF.
Already have Factorio obligations.
Child please like I didn't save the photos off there.
Lies.
My instagram has been deleted for sooooo long.
How come i got pinged then ayd?
He'll pay with steam lol.
I'd like to spend all my EPGP on Golfing with Friends please.
That actually is a great idea.
Get banned for RMTing RMT runs.
You'll finally be able to play Furcadia full time.
GREAT IDEA.
Use it to buy guildies party games.
Cash me outside.
Then flip the plat with an RMT plat service.
Cash out on em.
I have a couple of people that want to buy rmt carries lmao.
Is it still up?
Actually I wonder if we've gotten any applications on our website.
I get to do blackmail!
Oh i have that picture.
Gotta ask Chrono if he still has the logs.
Don't lie, we all remember.
Nope.
You're thinking of someone else.
Nahhhh I swear you did, it was like a mirror selfie or someshit.
Could have just been a fake pic though.
Nope.
I never posted a picture.
That was kojak lol.
I swear you posted one there.
Oh shit time to hunt it down on our old website.
You wont regret this.
High quality please.
Hi can i get a picof AYD.
Get it?
The ceiling.
I hope not.
The grind was real.
Im not saying it isn't popular just saying I didn't enjoy it when I played the beta.
Has a lot of concurrent users.
Skyforge lol.
Next month it gets the primal matrix.
Skyforge on steam.
Holy fuck.
We need to build a wall.
These foreigners ruin everything.
Youve essentially let sculti into your guild.
It only picked up after Lewd joined.
This is all his fault.
Confirmed more players than Wildstar.
Ah yeah, that thing.
I never had anything to do with that but.
Interstate gate?
Blame the patriots.
Or make AYD pay in plat.
Trump should build a new interstate and make Mexicans in Atlanta pay for it.
Why fix our infrastructure when we can argue about what do with a country that isn't ours and whether cartoon frogs are a nationalist hate symbol?
Go go US infrastructure.
Just read it.
Lol nvm.
Another interstate in Atlanta has shut down.
I can't make out the words with that much jpeg.
Rise from your grave.
Only redeeming factor is porn.
Internet has highly desensitized me.
Oh.
I thought it was funny.
Sorry haha.
Lol hoedown get deleted fool.
That's fucking morbid hoedown.
Wtf hoedown.
Happy jesus day.
Happy Easter.
LOL STOP.
Wouldn't you?
Have you seen his pic?
So you ate out AYD today .
Grats.
I got a chocolate easter bunny and named it AYD.
Hardhorse can replace it.
FeelsBadMan lmao look what I found just browsing reddit.
You say pvp all i hear is Wubwubwubwub.
Guys but the game is based on PvP don't you see?
That wall of text about warplots.
Not one.
Ive no comment.
Yeah, well, you're a poopy butt.
You're ignorant and dead.
Theres a difference between brevity and incoherence.
Nothing wrong with brevity.
Which means you suck.
Haha AYD poopy butt.
Yeah get me in.
Dude they're ERPing.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Dont know how to change my name.
Ayd likes to send invites out about an hour early.
We raid enigma schedule now freak.
Oh nice.
The usual.
Furries are used to drama so.
I'm not saying there's anything WRONG with black bears, just that polar bears are evolutionarily superior.
We must secure the existence of our fursonas and a future for white cubs.
Jesus Christ furry politics.
I see even furries aren't safe from the political lunatics turning hobbies into ideological battlegrounds.
Hoedown JohnCena.
Lol altfur movement.
It's on Snapchat timeline.
Lmfao.
If you actually check out the user agreement they can ban you for some dumb shit.
I'm sure that was a criteria for the last wave of bans.
Exploit bug?
You mightve gotten banned for it.
Tfw didn't get to exploit bug.
What you didnt already get that.
The difference is important.
Serule thats bird person.
Wub a lub a dub dub.
Dont you fucking worry about it bird man.
FREAK UNBANNED?
Yeah, they said those that got unbanned got emails.
Did they send emails to people that got unbanned.
They just said they reevaluated the peramaters for the banning and undid some of them.
They overturned some bans btw.
Don't squanch too hard.
Carbine was low hanging fruit.
This is even worse.
There, now it's my face when I miss PK Flame.
CK you should move on to a larger social experiment and try to convince wow players to turn on Blizzard.
Hard horse is legit man.
But who?
Please change these profile pictures.
Fuck I'm busted.
Which means someone in this Discord is actually.
A CRB SPY.
GUYS I FIGURED IT OUT.
This announcement is reaaally similar isn't it?
Recycling old content and all.
Which would be cool.
Thats disgusting.
Or just make it hard as balls.
Wait what.
Become DM.
Idfk know what to do now, somebody convince me to play something else.
Ya sori im dum.
Now you sound stupid dont you.
Even though rules are same.
And that matters.
Its harder.
No easy.
But its harder.
Totally diff game.
Now they be fun like they once were!
Too easy now.
Thats trash.
They said no heroism scaling technically on the stream.
They added golden metal undies to mechari at the same time they added underwear to chua.
I remember in closed beta mechari didnt have gold tits and crotches.
There are still people trying to convince Carbino to remove Chua underwear.
About some app makers, pretty damn good.
What betas.
Anyone watch betas?
Only race in the game that didnt look like an asian girl.
Amani in tera were pretty sweet.
They locked the new class to it too.
It's disgusting.
So bad.
Tera lol.
Aurin are neko elves.
Shark humans.
CAT HUMANS.
Like in any asian mmo.
Pretty much.
Humans with stupid tails and ears glued on.
Aurin are just like, nekos.
Nah they still haven't fixed the feet lol.
Love that race so much.
Wish mecharis got the same.
Chuas got too much love in their animations.
That is true.
Chuas floor roll is the best.
Have you seen a draken jump it's so bad.
With chua.
They have the best ones.
They put no effort into the animations.
Exile taste.
Draken is the worst wtf.
Wtb chua esper.
You know draken is the best.
Spot on.
I guess they fall into the 'naruto autismo' category yeah.
Or Gleo.
Ask Serule.
What kinda of shit.
Why are auring considered not furry btw.
Nope.
I'm never going to know.
Chuas aren't bunnies.
He knows.
Ayd doesn't know ?
I'm not clicking it.
Click the link.
We always will have hotchuadads.com.
At least.
As the leader of a furry guild I concur.
It's the reddit front page.
Make it stop.
So I fixed it.
Now you can see what my face looks like when I crit a  reverie.
I was stating a fact.
PLS DIE.
LOL BILLY.
Csgo knives.
Oh god the bird changed.
OH GOD.
At least you can resell the.
I regret nothing.
I think it is?
This is why we can't have nice things.
See what you started Serule.
What have we done.
Most of it.
Yeah all of it.
A lot.
NO I DONT.
Cam DO YOU EVEN KNOW.
Do you even know the amount of money people get drawing porn.
Shut the FUCK up lewd I didn't ask you.
What kind of dumb question cam.
People that like drawing that stuff.
The real question is who the fuck takes the time and effort to draw this shit.
All set.
Of course you have.
I've already seen that picture.
A subway.
If you wanna be lulzy at least slap a banana censor over it.
Ok ok.
Sinking ship!
They do nothing.
The goggles.
Great guild honestly.
Fuck this shit.
Hello cam.
Seems legit.
Jesus lol.
THIS IS YOUR ONE TOO.
VOLKAN GOT A PASS ALRIGHT?
Yes it is.
Get rid of it.
That is actual porn.
What the fuck xD.
Sup billy lmfao.
I'm deleting that shit.
Oh god no, these people are awful.
You all are nuts.
We're not this bad I swear.
We don't want to scare EVERYONE AWAY.
Too deep already.
Oh I can tell you something to look up.
Step it up.
Cmon man.
Not diapers.
That is all for me.
I'm posting inflation.
Your president.
What else can we show them to ruin peoples days Serule?
It was meant to be.
This is how Wildstar dies.
Snakmen peopel.
FUCKING WHAT IS THAT.
The fucking background lore.
Even has.
Got this.
We're making this a sonic oc guild now.
Nothing for gleo.
Fucking hell.
Post results.
God i hate that nazi armband shit.
Dear god.
Nazi everythings are a thing.
Nazi furs are a thing.
Just google fursona rave glow in the dark.
Oh I know.
I thought you wanted muscular avatars ayd.
Why am I not finding super edgy shit when looking up edgy fursona?
What the actual fuck LOL.
Lewd wtf lol.
LOL BILLY.
A classic.
What's all the fuss about in here.
I'm sure he's regretting every second of this now.
I figured ayd would love this deviantart.
For ayd.
Look up anything and add deviantart.
I mean, I couldn't be a tiny bunny.
I didn't see.
Holy fuck.
I think I got a screenie.
Holy fuck what was that.
If only you knew LOL.
Oh yeah dude.
I typed in bunny avatar and there was so many pictures.
What is this.
Draw what.
People actually draw this shit.
Rename to murrpurr glompspaw.
Yeah wtf AYD I didn't know you were one of THOSE.
Ayd you're fucked up man.
A real bunny ?
Wtf that's disgusting.
How about just a real bunny.
Yeah just get a judy hopps one.
Where's your bunny one.
I'm telling you for your own benefit.
That's not phobos.
It's fine, you can stop now.
We're basically the best guild NA, take a load off.
Looks like AYD is setting more expectations.
I would assume people do, but there might be the rare few that don't.
The hero we need.
With the music pick from caydiem on loop playing, the best.
That stream was too great.
JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE.
FOR DO.
On discord with them.
I know who is.
Snitches get stitches.
Do we know who is trolling?
There needs to be some highlights of this.
They just stated on stream that heroism won't be a thing at all in any form with raids.
Oh no, they need dark shado's help!
Im actually getting worse at engi by watching him.
This guy might actually be the worst engi ive ever seen.
I'm hoping they try to que to fill, I'm sitting in que with a backpack decor.
You have problems with the prime raids?
Hey look!
Lifty and mounts!
What's the purpose.
This isn't even funny or interactive or entertaining.
Even though they dont have a better option rn.
I got cancer from pulse blast and stopped.
The devs know any mechanics at all?
Ah yes.
The wait until the last possible second to interrupt strat.
Prequel memes LUL.
They're about to do it.
Aww man I think they're gonna walk in.
I was sort of hopeing they were gonna try and que to fill for academy, so that I can just curb stomp it for them.
It's going now?
Seems kinda late.
Wildstar Livestream on now on Twitch.
Not that I recall, but you know.
Did you roll in some grass?
What happened.
I'm green now.
What time is the GA?
Almost tempted to dust off my wow character or something.
Probably?
Matt organizes it.
I have forgotten, you guys are hosting a GA.
Tomorrow, right?
That whole arc where she was kidnapped was bliss.
Jokes on you, Minfilia never stops yapping.
Do a whole heroic dungeon in the time it takes for minfilia to stop yapping her gob.
It's okay you can raid in wow between gcd's.
I'VE BEEN ABSCONDED.
Look how modest he is guys.
A lot more smarter peeps than me.
I hope not.
And take over.
Ck when will you work for CRB.
Conguero doesnt play he doesnt know shit you have to be more concise.
Just the askee didnt properly ask.
I think he answered correctly.
The question was fucked.
But in all seriousness, it's still a shame the game's going the route that Carbine decided on.
Though, for my end, call me crazy, but I'm still just gonna enjoy what the game has, at least until either I get bored of it, or it finally dies.
Oh fuck ancient eldan prime badge for conguero.
O wow congueros badge proced to ancient eldan prime autumn.
It was the inevitable we all just didnt want to happen.
Im not shocked in the slightest and i dont really think anyone here is.
Basically how it went.
If you cant answer a question, just answer it with your own question and answer that.
Answering without answering.
Just pure evasion.
I mean that's classic business talk though.
The statement or whatever it was.
Thanks wong pretty sure we all read the patch notes as well.
Same but it will take a lot of WS ppl to be there.
And quit.
I have some launch characters in wow with very short names  Cerus and Vapo.
I like how you combo skills together though for extra effects.
Healing others was ezpz.
Healing yourself was aids as hell.
And I was on action playstyle and let me tell you.
I was playing a Spiritweaver sumonner thing the healing class.
One of the castes is hybrid.
Mele is action.
Slinger is all tab.
Only certain classes are not tab target though.
Like when you first see avatus lmao.
And it was pretty fucking intimidating looking.
They do i saw a vid of a gunslinger in a raid.
The rest is terribad.
Actually the raids look ok.
I'll translate the Mandarin words for you.
Dont start with that asian loly shit.
Revelations Online Kappa.
Is there anything else?
DNP WoW division was almost a real thing and it COULD still be lmfao.
Not WoW.
Ples no.
Lol funny and appropriate typo.
Wondering If I should dud off a wow charadcter.
Or we can try it and quit.
Well, we can test the scaling of prime and see if it makes the content challenging enough to stick around for.
But no new mechanics sucks.
Also no heroism gate.
Well at least he answered me.
CRB KYS.
Well I expected as much but it hurts to hear it.
YOU WOULD GIGGLE AT PP.
Hehe it has PP in it.
Where you will start the Prime Prime Matrix.
It's a giant circle, going to the end just takes you back to the beginning.
An end.
But is there truly.
They left it at the beginning of the matrix it takes you to the end.
Should of just used the essence teleporter.
Cause hes afraid of admitting his own mistakes.
It was placed there.
Wait why would i be banned for using the machine next door.
It's k I have a new shirt to put a new badge on.
Be warned i may ban you from the badgeclub.
If you try hard enough.
Call them OmniBadges.
Can i dupe them in the next room.
Ya maybe your badge will proc to be a super cool badge.
Wait these badges.
Oh nice.
But occasionally someone gets a bigger one?
Everyone gets one.
Im having a carbine philosophy with these badges.
Do i get a badge too.
I'll get drunk just smelling your breath.
Im a light weight.
I love badges.
K do I get a badge or something.
Join the club.
I already drowned my sorrows in whiskey.
I need a drink.
You'll get the essence bonus from it.
Every week.
So instead of clearing RMT you'll just see how many times you can do GA that week.
How long that cycle is is yet to be determined.
Its on a cycle.
AKA WE WANT TO STALL.
The forum post made me more upset then the announcement.
Who wants to hold me imma cry.
I'm even more upset now.
Lol.
This sounds even worse.
Rip actual content.
That prime raid thing is all youre getting.
What other thing.
Did you read the other thing.
If that's what's in store I might be fucking done.
Id just like to note this means you wont be locked out not that it wont scale with heroism if your heroism is too low.
This didnt clear anything important up.
Hell yeah.
Probably GA bosses with RMT stats.
Hmm apparently prime raids wont be affected by heroism?
Wow invasion of privacy.
Wow rood.
Go figure, CK fucked up.
Cant get you a clean post one sec.
Shit i fucked my shit up.
And i havent logged on since matrix drop.
Yo give me one of you characters names.
I got the actual peeps info too.
Nah dont think i was ever on when no one else was.
Cause that would be technically more accurate.
Unless you zeroed the pop so it didnt count your bot.
Im not god can view pop in maintenance.
I love this document.
Oh shit, now I feel shamefully entitled.
Yo we got reskinned mounts though.
On a forum post.
Well they confirmed it was dead.
Guys.
We knew this was coming, especially with the mass ban earlier.
As far as I'm concerned hard mode has been ded since yesterday.
I held some hope that after prime raids they'd introduce hardmode Mechanics but it appears I was foolhardy.
SGDQ denied my speedrun entry for it.
Isnt that the xmas dungeon?
You know, for the casuals.
Lawlta strat opop.
At least you can't cheese Maelstrom anymore lel.
I'm actually not surprised.
This is true.
Video Games were a Mistake.
Im almost heroism capped for  how i spent my purples.
Carbine's notorious for turning what could possibly be good content into absolutely disgusting buggy pieces of shit and I don't have much faith in them with Prime Raids.
I figured they would do prime raids at some point, so I'm wholly unsurprised by this move.
I already have  been LOL.
Shame on you.
What you mean you don't want to farm STL for months.
In either case they are working really hard to seperate guilds.
Itll be more boring shit.
And  for people who have power creep.
The other is.
People in raids are going to die to unavoidable mechanics because they haven't been grinding this casual content they don't find appealing.
You're not wrong.
I pretty much  went and called them  retards that dont know anything about mmos.
The same point in made in the forums before the primal matrix went live  and again  today.
Terribly apply the same formula they have in dungeons to raids.
Since everyone will have different herosim.
Well how can they possibly scale it anyway.
Just like they do in dungeons.
The problem I see at this point is even if we want to continue raiding we would have to get everyone heroism right?
Plan on having a meeting scheduled for this Monday.
Considering we've been waiting to see if hardmodes will be released and they dump this pile of shit on us, I expect more people to come forward wanting to walk away.
Reprogressing on ga would be the most tilting of experiences.
It's like they're trying to get the game dead so they can be free to find a bar to waste away in.
They ban a guild and then announce prime raids.
People have been asking about hardmodes well before the matrix.
Yeah seriously.
The timing of that announcement after banning half the raiders in the game is suspiciously good.
Oh cool hardmodes are canceled.
Murloc pally.
Or is it dragon pally now.
Does secret paladin still exist.
Cancer hunters still used him.
Aggro Shammy I guess.
He wasn't unusable, just wasn't grossly overpowered.
And they made him unusuable.
All he wanted was a hug.
I'll translate the Mandarin cutscenes for you guys.
Just go play Revelations Online.
Hearthstone is old and busted.
Faeria is the new CCG.
Wait a moment.
For Honor.
Let's just pick a damn game to raid in.
Carbine, listen to their raiders?
Carbine, fix something?
Carbine fixing things?
HAHA.
Well.
From what Congeuro explain, the regular and prime raid will have separate lockouts.
So long as they fix heroism, primes may be rewarding enough to complete to tide us over until we find another option.
Assuming CRB sticks to their guns with heroism requirements, that will be the end of the game for what I assume is every guild in RMT.
I'm goin to work on my pelvic and penile strength now.
And the last one you can fire with your penis.
General grievous but with guns.
Two on my hands, two on my feet, one in my mouth.
He has like five.
Get a gun.
Ayd is close enough to me irl that I'm legitimately afraid.
Idk what to even think about this.
G fucking g.
Hmm mm I guess that's not so different.
Wrong place for that don't you think.
Is this why you're here autumn.
Oh God why did I type that.
My kink is really large things striking me repeatedly.
See?
When mechanics have cutscenes it's double the reason not to skip them.
Like thorden's.
I don't skip soars because the cut scene too cool.
We're getting all the soars.
And watching every cutscene.
Just don't get clipped by the boss cleave.
Slide to the left.
Cha Cha real smooth.
Criss Cross.
Criss Cross.
And to the side!
Jules may like monk they gotta be behind things.
The gcd is only really horrible at lower levels, at higher levels you have several ogcd abilties to weave in between gcd abilities.
Greased lightning.
Play a monk if it bothers you so much.
That gcd.
Just not alone raids.
Basically if you're NA you can play together in dungeons and raids.
I actually have no idea how the data centers work.
I'm on diabolos, on the Primal data center.
But I was goin to transfer to balmung so I can rp a cat.
I'm on coeurl.
As long as it's the same data center i think it's good.
Cross server parties.
What server are you guys on oh wait does it even matter anymore.
They're love.
Man I haven't touched my thaum or arcanist.
But it will probably share cross class abilities with those as well.
The dumbest combo.
Not confirmed yet?
So red mage needs blm and sum?
A ghost made me happy.
I just gasped like an overly excited girl at vulpes'words.
Come now, level up either black mage or summoner until expac drop, become the red.
You can be whatever you want bby.
I mean it would go with my aesthetic.
Can I be red mage.
Join us.
Club Penguin Island I guess.
ANYWAY MOVING ON.
For cases like that.
Only thing I uphold is my butt.
Baal came up with it.
And ncsoft's unwavering stance on it.
I'm light of recent events.
Uhm we have a new hashtag now.
Wow.
Fuck Carbine.
Pretty happy I left.
Or instead of quitting, get banned.
Quit, and then join back just so you can quit again.
Electric Boogaloo.
Upboat Raolin's post plz.
Carbino pls.
They go and fuck it up more.
Just when you thought they couldn't fuck it up more.
What the FUCK is this shit.
RIP anyone that wants to get into raiding.
Do not panic for enigma pandas.
Sorefell, i mean its acurate but.
Club penguin legacy private server guild.
What are we goign to merge into.
The time has come boys.
Pyro told me i was free.
KILL ME.
Exactly, it was really just a matter of time.
Its so much easier than actually doing anything.
I KNEW THEY WOULD DO THAT.
Thats about as clear as its gonna get.
Wtb new mmo.
I mean they literally say theyre dead.
Fuck that.
Maybe not.
You think so ?
Hardmodes are dead.
So ya.
Holy shit LOL.
Is this real ?
So what billy said is doubtful.
Most likely.
Maybe we will get lucky and they'll let Tyrius tinker with a few mechanics.
Only new thing once that's in is raising the prime levels.
I totally called it, prime raids.
FOAB and MOAB can get together and make some little BOABs.
Omg what is this message Apocalypse.
They dropped their weap and ran away ?
Dude, French people are nice.
Everytime I went to France they were super helpful.
I added the visual for you Lewd.
Fuck you.
At least ayd has my back.
Wtf ck crayons are timeless.
Crayons never go out of style.
See ck.
No.
Stop.
Sil nobody wants to see that.
Hahaha I'm going to politely decline your invitation for a threesome.
But thank you for the offer.
DADDIES STOP FIGHTING.
Wanna make a threesome?
Yeah, instead of Sessh.
So calling someone lame holds no weight.
Don't you mean instead of Sesh though.
You're the lamest.
He lame.
Why?
Lewd is the coolest.
Lewd is just a cheap knockoff.
Gotta feel bad that you got lewd instead of frozzen.
Lewd listened to that lastnight when he was potatoing hard on his stalker.
I just really like the distortion layered with the harmonies.
I know my furry avatar animals.
I love his voice.
I'm just going to play Ken Ashcrop.
So it was a fox.
That's the point of the genre lmao.
The alternative is Fox And Peppers singing about animal dicks, kek.
My ears.
I get confused enough in raid already.
Plz no.
I feel a name change coming on.
Or am ya dingus.
Does AYD stand for are ya dingus?
Oh my god you edited it.
Don't be like that.
Yeah, but the dead are always forgotten.
AYD, dead things still have names.
Just stay dead.
I should name change.
Fur Sense.
Looks like some kind of fox.
It's the cover from some furry artist's new album which i really like lmao.
Another shitty pokemon?
What is that icon lewd?
Because that s what gear is for.
No heroism scaling.
Base heroism scalng on that rsther than individual.
A better system is for average scale on raid.
But is the most gsrbage system.
Its fine.
So you can play down.
Dps can be low to the point of not one shot.
Healers can sinc ehealing is dumb.
Get fucked.
More dmg less threat.
Tanks obv cannot be too low.
Its based on weakest link that is required.
Not the best system, but at least we won't have shit rng on gear.
So that should be alright.
Even with new players you'll be able to scale the prime difficulty to your liking depending on your roster.
To be fair.
Basically the same guild.
And ascent.
We're goin to race unreal.
We are.
Dnps apparently making a comeback.
This is the real reason I've continued playing.
Lol, what did I do now.
It just clicked for me.
Oh shit.
World last.
Get wf?
So enigma and forscience and dnp combine, boot the shitters with low heroism?
This conversation just got unreal.
How are the neightbours?
I actually just moved into an above ground mausoleum.
Its got nice square footage and  brings the property value of the area up.
Oshit, Vulpes, we can make the biggest graveyard ever.
It doesn't even have a house.
I have an empty plot for someone else to use to build shit on.
Heroism requirements that is.
Right, but the company did what they had to do for the game to cater to a casual population since the raiding community had become so small.
Prime scaling is affecting those players as well.
Not the first time.
He told them raiders wouldn't like a bunch of stuff in the primal matrix update, but they didn't listen.
Listen, then discount.
I'd like to think they at least listen to him.
Implying Tyrius is in charge of those decisions.
Yeah, id like to think at least Tyrius knows better.
And good luck getting recruits, because now not only do you have to catch them up in gear and skill, now you also have to wait weeks for them to grind the matrix before they stop getting one shot and have shit tier DPS.
Could have a second acct max by then.
Well, announcing and getting it out the door are diff things, this is going to be what.
WINTER by the time its done ?
I guess we'll see how dumb carbine is.
The players that haven't cared about the matrix will just quit.
That will be the end of every raiding guild.
Because if so, RIP.
But it's something to at least stop the power creep from invalidating everything.
Oh I'm sry.
Obviously Vulpes.
Right, but at least it's something.
It's already one.
Wildstar becoming an Asian mmo with all of these number progression systems.
Cept for the HM mechanics.
Same content, with higher scaling.
I guess it's not much different than announcing hardmodes.
Lmao, yep.
Prime raids.
Lol prime raids wtf.
Well.
Prime raids announced.
As well as in game pve leaderboards.
Vulpes with the sharp eyes.
Game is saved!
Housing neighborhoods.
Prime raids kappa.
Yeah full clear boi.
Missed you ya cute bastard.
Full clear last night I assume?
Lol.
He does it to himself toats.
Too easy.
But everything's going to be fucking sticky.
Nah, I have alcoholic anosmia.
You're going to be smelling rotting milk for weeks.
Fuck carbine.
It's on my desk, my chair, my pillows, my slippers, my underwear.
I just spilled a full cup of milk all over my room.
I'd suck even worse than normal.
GETTIN THERE BOYS.
Not much.
Sup autumn.
I love that song.
So this is what I sound like when i talk about metal.
Stuff like that.
What's your opinion on speedcore kindanice.
And that's not technically hardstyle, it's hard trance, but it's pretty close.
Serule irl.
Rare interwebz footage of serule.
I still play a dungeon or do the purple essence quests sometimes.
Hey junah!
I scored a cheap Pell Front Flair if anyone's a loser like me who wants it to play dress up with.
Still good.
Much potency.
Many deeps.
Its melee.
Lmao that would be kinda cool.
Would it change depending melee or ranged.
Oh shit wtf would red mage lb be.
Aw shit, group PDU.
Got it.
Hey then tell you Ff tanks to get pdu.
Telegraphs are optional.
Lol billy do you think i moved in wildstar?
PDU one hand, beer in the other.
Vulpes is posting between gcd's again.
Dangit where was that advice weeks ago.
Also sounds like an awesome game where the tank stands still.
Should have gone with an engi tank.
Fucking tanks.
Cept when the fucking tank cant fucking stand still and i lose all my positioning ng buffs.
Im playing mnk now and i really like the constant movement.
Fuck samurai.
Yea, I was interested in it too.
For red mage.
Red mage sounds like something I'd enjoy.
Only basic mechanics are known.
Chain spells at range to build stacks for melee finishers, then back to range.
Presumably very high mobility.
'AUTU GO LEFT A BIT'.
'P O T E N C Y'.
I tried to monk and it was pretty hilarious lmao.
So not that far.
Just imagine me there cheering you on.
Ok join your guild as a ghost.
Not yet.
Have they released gameplay of red mage or samurai yet?
Red mage so sexy but I wonder how aids it is to play.
I don't like the rng on it but hypercharge turret lmao.
Brd rotation makes want to punch a baby.
Red mage does look sexy.
Why not both?
Vulpes should I red mage or keep brd.
LMFAO carbine, banning the guy who reported the bug.
Way back when.
There's that many people who play WildStar to trade plat?
Op in that thread did report it on forum and in a ticket.
Ive been trading wildstar plat for wow gold.
Cause if someone did wew lad carbine.
Did anyone report the omnibit bug?
He dead.
Who buy rmt set to progress in ga.
People like nitrex one.
The casuals.
Rpers idk.
Who would buy wildstar plat though.
Wts Exploit Bags.
A nice ones.
Hmmm that's.
Wish I sold it.
Capitalism Ho!
You scoundrel.
Not gunna lie, about half my plat was from renting out the omni but bags haha.
How did you know?
Just tell them you felt you needed a large sample size to be sure of your testing results.
Haha yeah this won't work for me.
I fucking abused the shit out of the bags.
It was worth the experience and how fucking dumb the direction of the game is going I couldn't be happier to be banned.
That post is saying the bug was fixed over a year ago?
I thought it was something that was currently ongoing.
The secret is to spend a lot in the cash shop then they will let you cheat all you want.
Sincerely doubt it or bans would increase tenfold.
If you want your case to be heard use proven tactics.
Wait one sec.
No bans can be removed by first line of support.
I'm here.
If you get generic response for ban ask for crb.
You are ptr tester, you reported via forms or other channel and were effectively qa testing.
Im pretty sure if he were kicking people, i'd be first to go.
Freak still here?
Bayou is gone from server.
Time Travel building a time machine to come back in time and save Wildstar from itself.
Nothing could possibly be more important.
When time travel returns.
Sure, if they had somehow fired all the terrible managerd and brought the source code under control then maybe.
Game still would have failed miserably on release, it was inevitable.
Cant help but feel a bit nostalgic reading these pre launch and close to launch posts.
Oh whatcould have been.
Only the dead may know peace.
I think every game community has a group of people who will just call it dead no matter what.
Isn't autumn dead too?
RIP Autumn.
The words of a dead man mean nothing.
On my phone now but will try.
Bayou can you find that post?
Digital objects and online services are still objects and services.
While it may not be directly stealing, it is as much stealing as paying for physical goods with counterfeit money.
Most likely, Frost made a promise a long time ago no one would be banned for exploiting bugs that should have been fixed.
However people have but always seems to be related to virtual or real economy.
Otherwise why not do it sooner.
I assume it was ncsoft pressure too.
There was probably significant pressure from above from NCSoft due to the exploit affecting revenue streams.
Or get fucked later by future exploits.
Yea, they basically have to come down hard on any exploit that interferes with cash shop purchases.
It becomes believed to be accepted practice.
Idk, what im basically trying to get at is that people on both sides of this are stupid.
Stupid exploiters saying they didnt do it and it wasnt that bad and stupid justice warriors saying they are basicslly criminals.
I once had a costume means nothing.
The value is in having it.
Not that same if i got value out of it.
If i buy a cosemetic and now its gone.
If they stole a program, if you remove the program theyve lost what they stole.
But think about what they stole.
Software piracy is still piracy.
Im just saying the analog holds nothing.
Its different right?
So you're sticking to the software piracy argument justification.
Here is how i imagine it and bear with me.
Its different.
Of that item.
They lost value.
They payed for that item.
Because if you shop lift they cant sell that item.
If you know for certain that someone will never spend money on the game though, and you are being ultra pragmatic, why not ban them?
You now don't have to lose money due to server costs that you will never recoup from them playing.
Im not saying they shouldnt be bnned, lets get that out there right away.
But the comparsion holds nothing.
Hmm logic checks out.
There is no limit on the service.
They lose the money so and so would have spent.
Carbine doesnt lose money at all.
And thats just potential money loss not actual stealing.
So, yeah i can see the logic in 'stealing money'.
Well omitbits are basically protobucks that have a cap that you can get.
The only way its stealing is if it prevents a would be purchaser from not buying the product right?
But it isnt.
Right?
Ck, we all know you killed enigma.
Just want a sanity check for my personal perspective.
Anyone on here.
So do you hear this all day?
Yeah i engaged a mob last night, the GCD should be up when i get home.
Vulpes is posting while waiting on his gcd.
And White Mexican.
We are all Dutch.
How did you not know this?
Didn't know you lot were a Scandinavian wow guild.
Anyway sculti posted that.
This link.
Wtf.
The US Election.
Did you ever.
It's okay I still don't have a reason to live.
Like Eve online time dilation.
I got carried through ds.
I know that's me.
Maybe then some folks in here would get decent dps numbers then.
That means I can go back to play with Ven.
It's all a part of Enigma's plan to be the last wildstar guild.
By killing off all the others with bans.
CK killed Enigma and DNP.
He's coming after us next.
Way to not save the game, CK.
Agreed.
CK should have been banned for knowing about the exploit and not fixing it like our hero Keyvis fixed the essences.
Eh, i just figured they'd try a slip you a ban anyways.
No, how could i if i dont play?
Cause his game makes no money, is losing money and they just lost even more.
By ncsofy.
Or was he sidelined and given a Stern talking to.
If pappy was even involved.
I wonder.
I'm surprised giga didn't Photoshop jumping man.
I was offended before i found it amusing.
Did u laugh.
I saw.
I'm so immature.
Fucking NERD.
Unless you're Baelix.
Ive been reading the ToS ever since all these bans came out.
Unless you're Baelix.
No that's katito.
Nouth est is you?
I got others.
It's just one of my accounts.
Now AutumnBanned.
Rip AutumnBottom.
Oh yeah.
I wonder why they cannot and will not disclose.
Autumn banned?
Only if you're in germany!
Exchanging the account for any good or service also breaks the terms anyways.
Otherwise has to be only you.
You can only give to someoe under age.
Money, please!
I aint using it.
There shall be no foul necromancy here.
Reported, enjoy your ban.
Think i could sell my account to one of the dummies who got banned?
Cheekspreader ISIS.
Rip hoedown.
In the login itll say time remaining.
Well, it just says contact NCsoft.
So i just sent them an email.
We'll see what they say.
Oh god.
What does that even mean?
Its okay, the cheekspreader is is going to make a trumpiant return tonight.
I cant remember back that far.
Maybe once?
I was told about it a months ago, tried it once i think?
Are you sure you checked the right email, and did you use the exploit on ptr for omnibits?
You might have been suspended.
But  it says contact ncsoft cus your account got diddled.
You're not banned then.
No email.
Check your email?
Just tried to log in and failed.
Lol jk, I'm banned.
Sounds legit.
So my out is to find new goals within the months and ggez carbino.
Carbine has already suicide pacted themselves to death.
I think i the things i want out of wildstar are so few that ruthless runes are in the list.
Why not just say till the end of the month?
Have fun, etc.
Came out today.
Go reddit this shit.
Lmfao someone.
So gigawoot from codex made this for me.
Then drop soap on all of them.
So not our control group.
For Swabbie you probably want the tanks kitting adds until you get them all spawned.
You need reliable people interupting while the flailings are burned.
Doesn't really mean you need more dps.
Isn't that just.
More dps.
All flailings have to die first.
Robom requires a control group on all cannons and burning flailing first.
It's mostly more coordination.
It might spice up some of the monotony.
I'd like to start trying some of the challenges.
I'm not quitting just yet, but we'll talk tomorrow and see who wants to step down.
Just another guild that was caught exploiting.
Its just spooky.
WS isn't dead yet lol.
Well since wildstar is fuckin' dead, anyone for PUBGs tonight.
Doesnt appear so.
Have they even released anything?
QC games works with Nexon, red flags.
I thought that was an april fools thing.
Wait that wasn't an april fools thing?
Meerkats gone, who else will bother doing class abilities?
So relatively not bad.
We at least had somewhat of a presence in the game.
Now there's none at all.
Did raiders really have a voice though?
I want to get a count of who wants to quit and who wants to stay.
If we have alot of people that think it's time to jump ship then we'll go from there.
We'll discuss it tomorrow.
Did people from our guild get banned though?
If we all swap over to WoW I'll get you a faction change.
But I was a bit prepared in that RMT is getting boring as fuck.
But its the wrong faction.
I wasnt either, my heart kinda dropped when I heard everyone got banned.
I think I have it already.
Be positive.
WoW Legion isnt that bad when I played it for a month.
Could be fun if we all go play it.
Or another game.
I dont care.
I just wanna have something not dead to play.
Did you explot the omnibit thing from PTR?
If not you should be fine.
Is TFP dead.
I dont want to have to level another character.
I swear to god.
Vermana I'm in deep denial.
Getting seriously debbie downer right now.
Dont give in.
I'm just gonna DL WoW because fuckkkk.
Ok brt.
Aight.
Now.
Haha I'm bored.
But yeah im ready for next zone whenever, just ping me.
Soul stream OPOP.
And i meant OHKO.
One shot is one shot.
Turtle mode is like cheating.
Nooo dont even try that shit Vulpes.
Wow vulpes you killed the easiest fucking boss in the world.
Let me just log into Wildstar.
I needed to mail them back to you.
Well where is my infused bone.
I even slotted in firebombs but didnt use em.
That's a lie.
He ignored me.
I even linked it as Giuseppe Spec.
Btw ayd wouldn't give me infused bones for you.
So you're telling me you're cheating on me behind my back.
Tbh Autmn i didnt know you were in this discord.
How many men do you have.
Anyone in here get the ban hammer?
Vulpes pls.
I guess i should work on that, shouldnt i?
It was okay the few times I tried it.
The division LUL.
Oh well hey this is it I guess.
Algum br?
Alright guys, i found a great game to migrate to.
Always play Vanguard.
Charge was OP in all ME games.
What?
Vermana talking about lynching again?
Everything else feels ok.
Theres a special place in hell for whoever at EA buys great franchises and ruins them in that way.
Combat so fun though.
That goes for the majority of the team and the whole management.
Still waiting for CD Projekt Red the MMO.
Could be, it's apparently rumored to be from the old republic team so rip.
And EA's wallet.
The only thing keeping that studio together is what that name used to mean.
Anything bioware will put out will be garbage.
I really doubt the same team that worked on mass effect is the same since they were being developed at the same time.
Hopefully not.
No thanks.
Mass Effect Online?
Apparently bioware has a mmofps in the works as well.
It has raids.
Pray for lineage eternal fam.
Last I heard RO still didn't have any raids implemented.
Yes vermana we know how you feel about non whites.
Wow bm.
Like the most chinese game I've ever played.
RO is garbage.
Revelation Online?
Seemed meh based on my experience with it.
SUUUUUUUUUUUUPER chinese.
So idk.
Komi was bitching about RO.
Fucking hunters.
It's super Asian but RO has raids and action combat.
Wow raids are prob better though.
They banned me because my costumes were too good.
Economy exploitation.
Does anyone have a diff ban reason?
Are you telling me game wasn't already for casual RP and housing?
Yeah Ser I'm inclined to believe you.
If they wanted to sell hard RMT, they would never ban their whole raiding pop.
Cause rerolling rune slots is a bit different.
Didn't lose them much money I guess until it literally became ptw.
This is their way of saying that there will never be hard mode RMT.
Game is for casual RP and Housing only.
They banned EVERYONE.
LUL baelix.
Because they literally MURDERED the game.
No fucking BAELIX got banned.
Since im still here.
Yeah hence why im thinking of playing fucking world of shitcraft.
No it was for omnibits.
Wonder if they just picked a heroism threshold.
We're fucked.
Wow they actually banned a majority of the good players.
Rip in peaaaaaaaaaaas.
The rest were sacrificed.
Bambi, equi and i lived.
I mean basically?
Is it the whole guild.
We are becoming EU with only one raiding guild.
Yeah literally all the pvpers and most of the raiders are rip.
And war.
And tyr.
Baal dead too?
And pvp is now actually dead, not on life support.
Is anyone surprised.
No legit was it?
Was it freak.
I dont really like it either Callie but theres literally no other game to raid in if ws is screwed.
Can you guys get a head count of banne dpeople just from your guild?
And messge me.
I'm just here for the salt.
That too.
Please dont make me play WoW to hang out with you guys.
If you buy legion you get everything.
Base version comes with everything through WoD.
You only need to buy the base version and legion.
And the base game.
You only need one.
And all expnados.
Sor buy me wow.
But that shit is gated super hard.
Fack.
That means I gotta show up on Wednesday then and just walk into walls or something.
BDO apparently.
No, not FF.
With actual combat.
Well if WoW is our only option I'm fine with it.
I just fucking wish there was another option.
Crb just killed dnp BabyRage.
Oh, thats neat.
Idk game dead.
They fixed some AF power issues last patch didn't they.
So what I'm gonna be getting a billion AP per thing.
Theres a catchup mechanic now?
Cam are you kill.
Yeah, the normal mode of the new raid drops gear that's going to invalidate the rest of the game.
Yeah thats one thing I liked about WoW, pvp popped almost instantly every time you queue, and PVP is actually kinda entertaining.
Wait if all the good players got banned.
And a good dungeon system.
So there's something to do outside of raid.
Wow has active PvP though.
Youll wont be that far behind if you started rn tbh.
But yeah mythic wow raids are basically just DS right.
We wont be doing mythics for a while if we start fresh.
And heroic is kinda a joke compared to ws tbh.
And LFR you can do with yourself and a moldy pickle!
Okay.
I might be down for that.
They scale.
This is true.
I just saw this reddit thread and was so confused.
Mythic raiding is pretty good.
Oh just omnibits.
LUL was a good run friends.
Nah omni.
Oh shit did they ban for the essence exploit?
This just in,  baelix banned.
They're not.
WoW is pretty fun guys i rpomise.
The only action mmo with raids is WS, sorry.
Also if we play WoW it's Horde or kys.
No fucking goats.
Guilds who suck together, stay together.
I would consider WoW, but very casually.
I could settle for WoW if we had a large number of people all moving over together, if only because I already own WoW Legion because I bought it after KotK quit to play with them there, but only a couple people actually moved over.
FF is just too slow.
Action combat has spoiled me.
I know you've missed me.
I'll actually come back for WoW or destiny btw ayd.
We got it.
WOW IS FOR POOPYFACES.
Can confirm.
Wows pretty fun.
He wants to know which games will be safe for him to escape us.
I think we need to agree on an MMORPG that has raids, though.
Thats what we're looking for.
Oh I'm not joining you, just facilitating a meeting where people can decide if they want to continue to suck together.
Spoopy ghost.
Well, this is what I'd like to do.
I'm going to make the schedule for Wednesday.
I'd like to crush RMT one last time together, and talk about what the plan is moving forward.
We'll see how many people can agree on another game.
RIp my sleep.
Only if my finals and projects do it for me.
Stop trying to force your shitty game on me.
PLEASE DIE SER.
He's been bitching at me to play with him for like a year.
My friend tells me ESO has a free trial this week.
I just wanna know what MMO I should start downloading.
Cause I'm sure the housing and RP people don't give a shit.
They also banned the people most likely to try and fast track the matrix.
Rip in peas freak.
That people mailed around to each other.
I already feel bad every time i look at the matrix.
Also when suicidepact unintentionally becomes a thing.
I'm guessing it's the omnibit shit.
Freak at least.
Who all got banned?
I cant keep up from work.
Stack management.
Damn I guess tanking is literally just moving bosses and dodging shit?
Except with certain affixes in mythics.
Lol, wow doesn't have threat anymore.
Does he have anyone to blame on when losing threat?
It's true.
Now I want in.
Could always go raid in WoW with fucking nerf.
Oh shit.
Yea, his memes are still top form.
Makes me want to get into wow now.
We overly committed to Suicidepact.
Basically everybody got rekt.
Enigma's been dead.
Was already dead.
Enigma dead?
It'll be a good time to discuss where we're moving on to to keep raiding.
And we'll talk about it then.
Will find out this evening for sure.
We should at least raid this week.
Tfp still up?
Hey everyone should be there.
Even if we are ripped I wanna at least call everyone a nob one last time.
Officially the best guild on NA by attrition.
We did it boys.
And go play another game.
Regardless of what happens I'm still showing up for raid tomorrow.
I guess that will be a good time to count our losses and see how we're doing.
Suuuuuuuuuck my diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick.
Which is kinda whats needed if wildstar is fucked.
The new bases are hilarious.
A watchtower full of heavy assaults spamming, with lightnings spamming the tower, then the tower disappears and every heavy assault that was inside it floating in the air.
Same, just about.
Hmmmm.
I quit before they added housing to planetside.
I also enjoy the new base building system, although I think it can use further refinement.
Our fearless leader.
Leave giorgio tsoukalos alone.
Oh, thats nice.
I havent played the game in years now.
I played for a long while when it first released.
Still see pop queues to get to continents when alerts go out.
I used to be a diehard TR but it simply wore away at my sanity.
Simply unhealthy to play.
Still miss it though.
Fucking shotguns.
Heeeell yeeeah.
NC here.
LIBERTY OR DEATH.
Lol rip.
Equi and Dankjre.
Who from dnp?
Didn't get banned.
Bring back moxie.
It's gonna be lit.
I've been playing WoW with Paw, it's pretty ok.
And NOT fucking final fantasy.
So, game suggestions, go.
Unless bans are still coming.
Know many that did that are safe.
I can tell you for a fact it was omni alone.
Didn't effect purples either so the time gate is still there.
I'd instapermaban that garbage.
I'm fairly sure the allowing of omnibits to transfer was a nice way of carbine saying thank you for logging onto the ptr and testing stuff, so have some omnibits so it isn't a total waste of time.
Id permaban you too if I was a Dev.
Thats a fucking DEATHWISH using that.
I mean its literally screwing over the store which is the only way CRB makes money.
Yeah I never even heard of that bug but im surprised there are so many people retarded enough not to think theyd get caught doing that.
Where are you all actually going to go though.
If theres an exploit that hurts the store, thats a permaban.
Yeah, it had to have been the omnibit exploit.
That makes more sense.
Seems more likely, since that is directly related to cashflow.
So maybe it was just the omnibit thing.
And i didnt get banned.
There was an omni bit thing?
Never heard of that one.
Detecting it was probably easy, they left the ptr up, why are there so many character copies being made.
Hahahahah FFxiv thats a funny joke.
This seems to be mostly effecting raiding guilds for the nature of said groups, they're a close knit group of people playing the game together, someone finds out about a great exploit and sure enough, everyone in the raiding group learns of it and some abuse it.
Random outsiders are gonna be clueless on these things.
I have open seats in ffxiv for anyone who cares.
I'm honestly surprised they had measures in place to detect who used the bug.
If we lose multiple people I'm throwing in the towel and quitting this game.
There aren't any left I think.
Just gonna go play some other bullsht.
If we lose enough raiders to this then i mean im quitting, im not gonna go find ANOTHER fucking raiding guild.
Yeah, I'm almost disappointed I didn't get banned, now I'll have to wait to quit the game out of anger.
I didn't get banned FUCK.
Banking on that sweet couch purchase money.
Ban all the raiders, lol.
Woooooow XD.
BAN EVERYONE CREATING THE DEMAND FOR HARDMODE.
Given how much you nerds spend renaming your characters, I'd think raiders would be their biggest income.
THE MASTER PLAN.
Wildstar is now a housing game.
So hardmode just ripped.
Basically just raiding.
But that means this game hits maintenance faster.
Not the whole game, just the raiding population?
Some individuals spend an absurd amount of cash on the game.
And thats not a joke.
Can they afford to ban people?
Lol they're banning their whole population?
XD.
Rip game.
Not mine but lol.
Apparently this is what the email looks like.
Could be omni bug too.
Wong you banned?
No email here.
Carbine forcing your hand ayd.
FeelsBadMan.
Your name is low on the alphabet.
Maybe they still going through it.
Really Freak?
Perma or temp?
Yeh, ill post when im home, mobile is clunky.
Got the email?
Im rip'd.
Just a couple.
Nah think cupcakes is fine.
So did Keyvis kill his own guild.
Big hits all around mostly raiders.
Enigma got hit, timeless, cupcakes and bloodpact.
Wow what.
How many of you all got hit?
TIL AYD is a fecalphiliac.
Do not knock it until you have tried it, family.
I like how his bad telegraphs are green.
Theres no floor or   walls or anything.
Darkmeter for DPS and Threat for threat.
Highly recommend both.
What's that meter.
I like how his bad telegraphs are green.
Whats wrong with your screen volx.
Tfw got AYD literally all over my screen.
SICK BURN.
To busy staring in amazement.
Does not compute.
No one tried to parse?
So you wont ever kill it.
The only problem is  at that point you cant move it at all.
I think they just stopped to stare in amazment.
Get this shit out of here.
Wait a minute.
How to.
Parse Strat Engaged.
You guys good on group?
It's ok Daddy we'll find something else you'll like doing to me.
The thing is I think he stopped deriving joy from kicking me now that I want him to kick me.
Careful Autumn.
AYD has kicked and muted people for much less.
Do they drink.
BOOze?
When ghosts drink.
So should i be trolling the enigmo discord?
Im dead to another guild, not this one.
Also you're dead too.
So now what are you gonna call it?
Heck yeah.
Angel quit ck.
Autumn where you in a guild with angelloyd?
First amendment.
Why are you talking about me in this discord.
How can I be homophobic if I love you autumn.
They dont actively search this and their filter is garbo.
You got reported for sure btw.
Do it again.
Its k ayd never kicked me either.
You all never got rid of me either.
I like eavesdropping.
I thought we kicked him.
Autumn is allowed here now?
Or am I on 'the list' automatically now XD.
Oh do we need to sign up for the coming GA raid.
WHY you use the secret sheet?
Fucking comic.
CAN I COME.
Playing hooky.
Theyre skipping class.
A prime version of druids fervor exists but i cant remember where it drops from.
Damn das cold.
EU Engis confirmed for shit btw.
There was one from SSM too.
Caretaker's sanction.
Yea ds gadget.
Shut up ayd.
Lame insult, you can do better.
You died to pussitus.
You're dead Vulpes.
I dunno about that, thats a LOT of auto attacks you gotta get through.
Also if we didn't wipe to kuralak.
Circle jerk in GA.
What's tonight?
Left docs for ayd in dms.
Posting out tonight.
I live near NYC but im busy this weekend bruh.
Mostly because everyone here is a jackass.
The truth is subjective.
Thats because you have no social skills.
I like the part where I never know when people are telling the truth in this channel.
Oh shit.
Wait youre not black are you?
Cuz if you are, dont find vermana.
Go find vermana.
Someone must have bought Callie a shovel for her birthday, because she loves digging up old shit.
Grills dont let things go.
I see what you did there.
Oh my god you started this shit when you called me a dunce.
I was so close to just letting it go.
But nooooooo.
TIL CallieCake isnt my friend.
Something CK knows nothing about.
Well you need friends too.
Now you just need booze and you're set for some good fun.
I got golf.
The internet is amazing.
Me playing esper.
CK.
I thought you were done being a hostile piece of shit.
Aight vulpes.
We gotta one bro!
CK you should take notes.
Damn what an efficient sentence.
I suppose both are fitting.
You dunce.
Do it pussy.
Maybe you should.
Yeah, maybe i should throw in MORE BUGGED RUNES.
Venom?
Shitter.
How long does sale last?
Carbine really has to fix that shit, lol.
It feels fucking dirty but oh so good.
Summer sale inc.
Plus this is probably its peak of multiplayer activity right now.
Haven't played any of the souls games yet, but have watched many let's play series.
I certainly got it a lot quicker then the strain pet in western grimvault, I was farming that thing for two weeks.
Funny how it's still doable, just gotta stand on that wall just right xD.
Im a black humanoid cassian.
Pick your battles.
The PC response justifying not being PC.
Tenshu wants to say something but can't find the wording.
Vermana is the guild racist.
And before Vermana calls me a wet back.
Diversity is fun!
Wait.
So am i suppose to check that box if i like tacos?
And no I'm not paying for a wall around Illium.
Bunch of racist furrys.
I actually looked up everything about Billy a while back.
He's listed as Hispanic.
Because there is a distinction.
That's what I'm saying you have to check that not me.
So just white.
Me and the other white Mexicans have a problem with this.
Lol fuck you.
Just because youre white and like tacos doesnt make you mexican billy.
Bunch of fucking racists what about white Mexicans like me.
We will never recruit any black people from this point on, its in our history now.
The hard R lastnight lmfao.
Woah you're going to get the stream banned liquid!
Enjoy your suspension from this dead game nigga.
Kdm will be in contact with you soon.
Reported nerd.
I've noticed if your inventory is full it won't award the expedition rewards.
Who's up for some arena win trading?
I want the costume.
Hes heating up!
Damn youre an expert at this.
If that requires me to log in, then it's literally not worth my time.
Join the too lazy to do anything club.
But I did space madness and it didn't give me essences so.
Sorry for being late.
Unusual situation.
Needs to be streamed.
Always feel free to hit up me or xe, sil's been doin dungeons too.
I was mostly keeping up with purples, but I tried to do KV before the reset today and got with a group so bad that I'm just giving up on essence farming.
I'm guessing character.
No clue if it's account unlock or character unlock.
The discovery things in the open world have a chance of dropping a quest to get lifty.
Lifty is out.
Saw that too.
Seems some people are spending money on service tokens to get ahead tho.
Ive got all purples so far even the ones  after maintenance last night.
Who the fuck keeps up with purps.
So when are we getting out of Beta?
Dammit carbine stop taking away useful features.
Rip anyone that didn't abuse the shit out of it.
They fixed the negative points giving gold in dungeons bug.
Game is alive bois.
Those patch notes are very sparse, no mention of lifty, no mention of the updated bonus tracker, it's actually good now.
It's not it the patch notes but I can confirm its fixed as well.
Well good for them.
Afaik people have enough of some essences anyway.
Yes, cause people couldnt keep their mouths shut about it.
Maine said they fixed the multiplier bug.
I just found out from trying.
Read patch notes.
Double lifty.
I already ride him in circles around Thayd, what else would I use an actual mount version for?
So, lifty is now a mount in the game.
Because I played wildstar and I know carbine isn't capable.
Why do you play wildstar then and not just wait for carbine to make another mmo?
This is still his first full game hes made though so the same game with a different title thing is still wrong.
Good talk.
Idk i think we both confused each other.
Which is found in those games.
Says he created the game mode.
Says he created king of the kill.
They just give him credit for starting the genre with the arma mod.
So their steam page lies.
Hes given credit for starting the genre, not the other games.
You sure?
Their tidbit on steam that I pasted is pretty misleading then.
This is actually the first full game hes made.
He felt he could do a better job so he made his own game.
CK, you're such a Wildstar hater.
Your neggie vibes are harshing my mellow.
Whats diff?
Combat?
Wildstar did just make another wow.
Or whyd riot make anotehr dota named league.
Is like saying whyd carbine just make WoW but named wildstar.
I mean saying that making a new battle royale game is making the same game with a different title.
I guess xD.
Supposedly this is different though, since it's a standalone, not a mod.
This dude keeps creating the same game with a different title XD.
Ah, i see.
I had never heard of it.
Well playerunknown literally made the original br.
Way less arcadey.
To me it just seems like a knock off.
Think so ya.
No crafting, cars are harder to abuse, there's more items.
It's a lot more rugged and similar to the original br in arma.
Wouldnt you not prepare so that it is trash?
Why are you preparing a trash talk?
I need to help prepare a trash panel talk with someone.
MUST BE RESPONSIBLE AAA.
Get in here.
Lol aight lets play!
Do you play it through steam?
And stuff.
With a mechari icon.
Should just be Vermana.
Vermana what is your steam name?
Oh well there ya go.
If you want.
But you can queue and get no randos.
Oh god Sil.
What the fuck haha.
I played wildstar at launch, im not very good at it.
NO!
Youre going to scare him away.
Wildstar obviously.
I dont even know what game this is.
Nah we dont work with the randos, they can just follow us or go do whatever.
Oh I'm not good with randos.
Can just ignore them and do our own thing but itd be best with a full crew.
Lol Vulpes you gonna play this with us too?
Takes practice.
Thats adrie's specialty.
Im not a very good hoe though.
Channel your inner Tanith.
I'll go up a few octaves and do it.
I'd never live it down if I did that.
XD its the internet, all you need is a female voice.
I mean it would be funny.
But I'm not good at being convincing haha.
You seriously dont think it'd be hilarious to seduce people into our death trap.
Its not a thing.
It will be if you lose.
Because if you fuckers dont kill them.
I'm gonna have to send nudes.
And thats not a thing.
Lmao NO.
And we all open fire.
Lol not going to happen.
You can open mic in the game and talk to people within a few meters of you, so you can use girl powers.
Haha I have no idea how.
You are the squads advantage cally.
Haha I'm going to squeal.
Like to the point that its scary.
Its really fucking immersive and tense.
Oooh man haha.
Is this a mouse and keyboard thing or a controller thing?
It's gonna feel clunky at first there's a lot of little mechanics.
Wood recommend.
Game is good.
But its a fucking good game.
Hmm.
I'm gonna have to buy this arent I haha.
Didnt get it.
I was honestly expecting dubstep.
I shouldnt have listened to it.
I dont know what I was expecting.
You asked for this.
Your giant horsedick?
I'll see if I have time later.
Sort of a mix of a moba and basketball I guess.
There is an orb you take to the other teams side.
Sort of.
Objective is to score three points.
No aurin no buy.
Breakaway is an arena game isn't it?
Can you turn the telegraphs off?
I breaks my immersion.
Has telegraphs now.
Queue gaming world outrage.
Starting to shape up.
Classic florida.
Chaotic neutral, motherfucker.
Better him than me.
I grab Boffin's shirt and throw him in front of me.
Well this is terrifying.
Looking forward to seeing what the new classes and such will be.
And glad to see the robots are still a thing.
Robot mccree.
I really wanna say it means something cause the exploding splorg thing is actually kept accurate, but the end score I have no idea how it figures it.
Hot wheels, beat that.
And what can't you build in the Sims?
Lol aight.
Aka playerunknown battlegrounds.
Yoooo what is it?
I'd play with you guys.
Seriously, we need to get a squad together for battlegrounds.
Sims has a lot more shit involved.
Second life isnt anything like the sims.
Its a sandbox chatroom.
Is that shit, it weird as fuck tho.
Second life.
This game is fucking sweet by the way.
Simple as that.
And other people cant visit your house.
Sims you cant build everything.
Be an awful person.
Kill them obviously.
What else is there to do in the sims?
Who the hell plays the Sims to make houses?
Why do people play mmos for housing?
I dont get it.
Just play the sims if you want to play house.
Based on some letsplays I watched it looks damn fun.
Picked up that Battlegrounds game.
DLing now, gonna give it a go.
Hahaha I love South Park.
Carbine to Medics and Espers.
Sigil makes me not feel bad about leaving the game.
Which medics got a decent new ability.
Sigil makes me sad.
Sigil is that good.
But more so Slingers than tanks.
Ohno the secret copy of PFC.
Fucking internet.
Ayd's natural salt production is a natural deterrent from the paranormal, anyways.
Oi im not a poltergeist yet.
Suprised you werent included poltergeist.
AYDongnim PsiShltterBayouIsBAd.
Its a hodgepodge of everyone who he aspires to be.
Whats the name?
Ayd is becoming the memelord we always knew he could be.
My Warrior's name is great.
Kinda you are a hero.
I didn't check, but it's still bad.
Also your costume is bad.
For the good of the nation it has to stop.
AYD, your warrior's name is too memey.
Shitposts are still better than eating shit.
Deleted shitpost because I don't wanna see shit.
Is there any benefit to be running GAs for RMT gear people?
Bed is comfy.
I second what ser said.
Finishing halls.
SER PLS.
I am way too comfortable in bed.
It's sleepy time.
Nobody wants cam.
I mean I suppose, but it looked like a bowl cut in the front haha.
Thats just a mullet then?
Technically I had a bowl mullet.
Bangs in the front.
Mullet in the back.
It was a dark time.
My soul still hasn't healed tbqhwy.
Bowl cut bros represent.
Because maybe somebody's parents loved them and didn't ruin their childhood?
Why is that an option?
Who already voted no?
Important question.
Such troll.
Oh shit, I need to go to the gym then.
Whats going on here tonight.
Or i'll go all poltergeist on your asses.
We should really be more PC conscience around here.
Goddamn it Truly I can't fucking mention you with that bullshit.
He is indeed in the Wildstar Discord.
Psh you should have seen me stalker tank back in the day.
Ayd has mad steadfast micro tho.
Interested in apping.
Yeah, he's an old NWO buddy of mine.
What's up?
Also matt, I might want to drag my garbage engi through GA if we have enough carries.
Save meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Wake me up inside.
Cant wake up.
Wake me up inside.
It keeps upgrading until the upgrade fails.
Good lord.
Dont worry  matt, im ready to tank.
But that high?
Everything but tokens can upgrade.
If he's secretly a furry with a meerkat fursona, it would be compensating.
Is that the fat one?
If so, nothing of value was lost.
Is that meerkat?
Who is he?
Really, ok.
Take any regular ability down a tier, and you can tier up one of the bugged abilities up to the max that you've unlocked it.
Then place the points back in the ability that you downtiered.
The ability point thing is tied only to certain matrix abilities.
Sigil, black hole, fusion probe.
And is easy to reproduce.
Not in it.
Is the bug known to carbine?
You can get his Discord ID from the Wildstar Discord.
Idk how to contact said person.
Why dobt you just ask rains who knows how to do it?
Instead of trying to figure it out.
Its the meatball of the spaghetti.
All code is tied to your gadget.
Did you try unequipping and reequipping your gadget?
So there's something messed up.
But I was pretty mad for a while because I couldn't even put on sigil.
From what I've heard, only the new abilities register as having extra points for some reason, can't get extra points for other abilities.
Yeah it seems like there's some bug still there just like the one on the ptr except it wasn't fixed properly.
I wonder if the new abilities are involved, I suspect they are.
Then I fiddled around a lot even logging onto another character switched back and then was able to put in points for whatever reason.
I have been messing with it but havent produced the bug yet.
All I know is my slingers extra abilities got massively messed up and I somehow was able to put extra ability points in but I don't want to swap it out now.
Idk how to lol.
Or just tell me then.
I'm at work.
Truly log on and show me the ability point thing.
I mean catchup features.
You mean the game is still in the bug.
There's a lot of funny bugs in the game now.
Yeah Im not gonna wear them, just putting out there the bug is still in game.
And carbine might fix the lesser rune thing at some point.
Actually, those gloves might be a very small personal dps upgrade now that I think about it.
Yeah holo smash probs is stronger than what yo got there bud.
Its alll about those ruens man.
Do you even grind bro?
Would be great for feet.
But no shredder.
Fucking carbine.
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT.
That's not my quote up there.
Poly is just trying to get us to fight callie.
Hes just an instigator.
Lets be adults and start fresh.
That's probably why.
Both are nmes start with c, we have so much in common.
Why we gotta fight like this?
Callie truce, please.
Kinda please.
CK pls.
Callie please.
Wouldnt that be swell.
Dang you too quick ayd, ws just typing that out.
He's the guild leader of Cupcakes.
He's the guild leader of Cupcakes.
Who's rains, a European player?
I still got my essence tho when i logged back in LOL.
Lmao did you get rekt as soon as that died?
Looks like it broke again becuase of metal maw.
Servers working again.
Seems the server with illium is broke.
Currently if you are trying to log on and cannot Exiles are working fine.
And yes there is indeed solo, duo, squad.
Well FWIW they've spent a decent amount on marketing.
So they're serious about that.
Yeah name is shit.
Makes me think its some russian steam greenlight garbage.
It's not that long.
And ya there is solo, duo, and squad games so you can team up and stuff.
The name is too fucking long though.
Its pretty fun.
Sounds like itd be way too frustrating to play solo.
Just gotta wait on it.
Now they unfucked up.
Now to hope they expand raid size a bit.
Officially confirmed.
Not sure which.
That's cool.
It feels less arcadey.
What makes this one good?
So many battle royal games.
Pretty shitty name IMO tho.
Pretty fun so far.
But damn.
How is it done?
Lol that's great.
You can rebreak it easy ask rains for details.
I couldn't put magnum on though.
Maybe it's breaking the ui to give you ability points you dont have.
I'd actually like to know how to solidly do it again except I don't want to mess with what I have now.
Funnily enough before I had it the ui thought I didn't have sigil and had magnum instead.
And it is from ptr.
Some other skills are also bugged in a similar fashion.
And apparently you do benefit from the ability points.
It is the very same.
This reminds me of the extra ability points thing on ptr though.
I wonder if it's related.
That reminds me of that one file of some guy adding comments about a bunch of carbine code, looks like something he'd throw in there like wtf is this.
Booting up.
Be there barely on time.
I won't be there so you guys can one shot things.
Too many shit emotes.
Power creep on content we can already finish in one night gg.
I would actually like to find out who does give flying fucks sounds fun.
Not sure.
So who knows.
Did you do the daggerstone before today as well though?
Who gives a flying fuck.
We go over this every week.
Should just delete my character I guess.
I forgot about the reset, and so finally missed out on the purple stormtalon.
Unless you got some from that bg billy.
It appears that daggerstone does not give any purples from the restart.
I liked Destiny for the bit I played.
Might get back into it.
Pretty great trailer tbh.
Is that Nathan Fillion?
Billy pls.
Thinking about a new name.
AYD AfterYourDong.
Best game teaser ever?
I have to drink about a gallon of water after eating one of those Zatarains boxes.
But on the other hand, more triploons and maybe a shoulder token.
God, my life is just falling through my fingers.
I dunno, I had a box of Zatarain's today, I think my sodium tolerance is fairly advanced.
Oh boy.
Time for your weekly dose of salt.
Wait what is it wednesday already.
But with black holes.
But that wasnt its intention in the first place.
It was a step about using star ratings.
Ehh wasnt a review.
Whatever it's a fan review.
Can't expect every post to be a scathing review of Carbines mistakes.
Despite their mistakes the game still is fun.
No fake news on the internet.
Wow, usually the internet is safe from such sorry content posing as information.
HE IS CLEARING UP MISUNDERSTANDINGS.
Oh really?
Oh, that's why vomiting emojis have been on my mind.
I'm gonna go live in the woods.
This newfangled technology is just too hard for me to understand.
For some reason it didn't show up at first.
What is that?
I don't know how to break the bad news to him.
Link him the wiki post for satire.
He didn't understand your post.
I saw.
I too made a long post.
Typical attention whores.
Its the powerpoint presentation equivalent of using the word synergy.
Leveling is like other games leveling there are many types of quests.
How does anyone draw any conclusion from this?
Dungeons are challenging and rewarding.
Raids are like dungeons but more.
Wtf is this.
Is has absolutely no wildstar specific details.
Grats xe.
Nothign else amazing.
Yes sorry.
Is scrap running it.
RIP easymentors progression.
Its like you guys dobt want to fil the matrix out first or something.
I think we said its not happening tonight for some reason or another, since we cleared rmt and ds.
Well, I can't speak for everyone, but I'm not raiding tonight.
We raiding tonight?
It's a European player.
Yeah but you dont farm as hard.
He could have exploited but it was to an extreme degree to have done it from launch.
This is like just lots of farm.
The amount of colored essences he had to have gotten is pretty insane, he basically had to have abused the one multiplier ever since launch, and then some, and of course farmed everything else.
From what I heard, this was over on eu as well so with all their resets the amount of purps needed is a bit less then na.
Youre just not casual enough.
Nvm found out.
Which discord you catch that in tfp?
The font of the essence and heroism count is like.
Eh, maybe not.
If you zoom in I think it looks right.
Has to be using the daily thing as well.
That is a very strange font.
Pappy must be rock hard.
Jesus christ.
Just a note, just a picture I came across in another discord server.
The power of the primal money.
It would depend on if ncsoft can have employees from other games taking on wilds tar support roles with minimal cost increase like customer service atm.
But it can be egregiously expensive to maintain servers.
You say that.
They dont need shit to keep servers up.
They will be without a doubt.
Implying this game servers are going to be up in a year.
So ayd could wait over a year and still get no response becaus carbine has no backbone or sense of direction to make clear decisions.
And its been over a year since its been addressed.
I mean techincally carbine hasnt said theyve given up on pvp either.
They are still deciding if they want to get rid of both raid and pvp.
Caydiem last carbine employee confirmed.
Why pester?
I thought it was pretty well confirmed HMRMT is kaputz.
I thought that was your job.
The room is obv white.
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
But that requires me to do more than log on for raid.
You just gotta ask people and you can pretty much pug infinitely.
Thursday and friday and saturday.
Next week another for science pug ga.
Fuck me.
Oh i pugged already three times.
He's hitting on you.
You're nerding the fuck out.
Ah right.
DND tonight.
I thought matt was trying to do a weekly GA though.
Probably could, it's easy to carry.
Hey, are we doing a GA tonight?
Yep!
Agreed.
I think all medics kinda have their own.
None are super easy.
I know a lot of different rotations but this is the one that works for me.
I can teach you the super potato one or the one that only prioritizes using collider and fissure ASAP.
I'm sure the other medics in the guild know some good rotos as well.
Atomize off cd only when you need an actuator.
Whats a good dev probe gR rotaiton.
I dont want to wrap my head around learning something new from scratch.
Maybe knock two zeros off and a firm handshake?
Purchase?
Lol.
I wanted to purchase a divine class major.
I'm not home, but I have my laptop with me.
What do you need?
I am very uncomfortable.
Ayd log on bitch and gib him runes.
I didn't think Freak would do it.
Stop having boundaries volx.
I was just talking about the rune tab but don't worry about it.
Not in that way.
Volx wants you.
Yeah, playing the game is a bug.
Only got blue essences.
Ok, just a visual bug I think.
Id have to check it ingame.
Or just ask ser, hes the one that writes down all the numbers for his nerdparse.
I forget, a lot.
Oh, sev.
The severity, not the chance.
Actually what's engi MHS usually sit at in combat?
Mh is really good to have.
Fusion procs.
And so on.
And mh severity is a thing.
Prob mh.
The softcap isn't a big deal.
Fuck softcap.
Your runes are better spent getting MOAR MULTI HIT.
But its not.
Itd be sweet if it was.
Its not worf.
Not enough to be worth it.
Crit sev converts to MH sev!
A little bit!
No, thats what I say from playing the class.
Because so much of your damage comes from mh severity and mh dmaage procs.
You want a fuckton of mh, enough crit to get procs and such, and then fill in with vigor.
You just need a bit.
You dont benefit from crit as engi very much.
That gives me an idea.
I mean, it does.
If you trade crit runes for vigor runes.
Apparently vigor reduces your crit chance.
I hate vigor.
Or vigor if you want.
Or whatever else you want depending on if you need strikethru, mh, crit.
I'll be back sometime later to ask whether using Ruination was a mistake or not.
But anyway, thank you all, was just curious.
All my gear is RMT other than my eldan gloves and my boots.
Sets in helm, legs, shoulders.
Vermana, do you put your Technician in your RMT gear?
Stat gain on gloves are fucking horrible and not worth losing the smash special for.
I mean it depends on if any of the risen runes you can put in are any good, right.
Has anyone had the chance to check?
So we can have a fast clear.
Im assuming that because were doing a guild DS later this week that I should not lock out my main in a pug.
But he probably doesn't get as many multi hits.
Well, I think he crits more than the MH build.
Wtf did you do to your name.
Engi tanks.
Who even flak cannons in pvp?
You can't pvp if there are no players.
Dont pvp then.
Hearing flak cannon triggers me.
No youre dead.
You can't talk about Wildstar things.
You're dead.
And to tell them to take off pulseblast.
Engi guide done.
Use black hole, pull all the things into one place, mission complete.
Crazy people.
But i figured a shit guide is better then no guide.
I got super lazy alot during it.
No one writes a guide for the heck of it.
It was in response to the shit video guide so i figured.
Howd you know.
You think i read everything before i type?
Go figure.
Is rejecting now.
I am shit.
It is fixed.
Thanks boss.
It is fixed.
I am shit.
O shit you right.
Ya prolly.
At least for RMT levels of gear.
But in all seriousness, Razor's Edge is better if you can play well and maintain high ITZ uptime.
I used it at launch in a few dungeons.
Also shock pulse is ok.
Most of these people will be using pure and i figured explaining using lower tier runes would be too much information to make their brain explode.
Nah razors edge is shit you shitter.
Use Razor's Edge at RMT level you shitter.
Guide is trash.
That guide is a little too cringe for me to watch.
Toucannon Phase.
Giant angler fish garbage slug looks fun.
No it isnt!
Yeah but I run it as DPS, tanking is for scrubtards.
Wow, I totally didn't think engineers ruined pvp before.
I hate black hole in PvP so much.
Yeah it's annoying af.
Just pull the entire enemy team into one spot.
Damn Black Hole in battlegrounds is just hilarious.
LOL BILLY.
Wow, that's so accurate.
Im stunned.
CRB is basically the hot crazy ex that still lets you fuck.
Gonna require something better to come along to bother leaving.
Electro drill is soooooooooooooooo good.
The new Esper heal ability is as useful as Mirage.
I literally only do the purple shit.
Yeah, I understand that feeling.
I did my essence crap the first week or two.
I completely lost interest in doing it lately.
Forums are down too?
Learn to not dc pleb.
Im mainly getting it for pvp and logic wing.
Again.
Like what the fuck.
But i will use it.
Yeah im not getting black hole for laveka at all.
I just want to get pvp done, only purp I didn't do today.
You can use it on the souls.
Black hole is amazing for Laveka btw.
Okay, nevermind.
So .
I route though Chicago.
I just want to do my dailies before it resets.
Is that so wrong.
No, I am in MN.
I think everyone that's dcing is in the south?
Cool game.
DCing again.
I havent had any yet for some reason, im seeing everyone DC around me though.
Yea, its like EU, just worse lol.
Keep randomly dcing.
Im gettin random disconnects too.
No packets again.
Or ddos lol.
Err, NA just crash ?
The cold hard truth right there.
A lot of weak links normalizes the notion of a link and makes it more likely for future links previously thought of as weak to be accepted as strong.
Idk guys sociology taught alot of weak links is better then a strong link.
No a lot of weak links makes For Science.
A lot of weak links make a weak chain.
No, that makes for a lot of easily breakable links instead of one strong link.
Cant really do anything with those alone.
Nothing yet.
Will get exact number later.
It's obviously because they're super busy working on hardmodes.
Don't do this to me CK.
Last time they logged into the forums.
All that listening to AYD finally caught up to you.
All that raiding after your bed time finally caught up to you.
Pre hypertension.
Thats turrible.
Idr what is good or not.
Whats your bp?
I blame the matrix.
I'm officially old.
Was just put on blood pressure meds.
Jesus, every purple reward except the random normal dungeon reset.
AYD is suckling the Matrix's boob.
Getting close to the end o the month.
How optimistic are you bae?
Let me live my life CK.
Shes not the one that handles those!
Lol ayd.
Granted these are very small time frames, but hey.
Idk about barrage but i would assume its the same way.
Atleast TA calculates dynamically.
That would be my intuition.
I think it's calculated dynamically, but I'm not actually sure.
Is it better to get higher broadside stacks before you innate?
Oh, and don't use that opener in the thread, it's inferior.
Its maximizing ITZ uptime as well as broadside buffs, timing those buffs with your bots and your TA, trying to get your TA itz as best you can, and of course your MS itz as well as all other casts.
Volx that happens to me sometimes too, im not sure what causes it, but im fairly certain its a lag thing.
Sometimes I get a triple MS with no GCD, it's pretty great.
Without sacrificing casts.
Also that rotation is a nice baseline but its extremely situational.
That makes a lot more sense.
Meaning double MS.
You dont actually wait.
Thats the gcd.
Then why does it sometimes say two MS in a row and then other it's MS and then wait.
Wouldn't it just take that into account when writing the rotation?
I don't get it.
That's the cast and global time of mortar strike.
Wait, is this actually the engi RMT rotation?
You spend half the fight waiting?
I use MoB and Bolster, yes.
And mob.
Use boon and bolster.
Why use mb on that.
Actually trying to use the most appropriate abilities instead of just spamming reverie and bolster?
Healing absorb doesnt count as lowest target for mb.
I physically cannot heal that fight.
Shit, shoulda been taking PA then.
All those stuns were my fault.
Absorbs reduce healing absorbs.
Purple is the new pink.
People still think item color matters lel.
Thanks for the cancer CK!
O i am laffin.
Carbine HQ last ditch effort to make money via insurance claim.
What am i looking at here.
I use it at times, mostly to save people.
Recommending Astral in builds?
Dafuq is this.
It's unempty now.
Yeah he forgot to type sigil.
More info than AYD ever gave me.
Its emtpy.
Shut up idiot.
I thought so too, or something like that, I don't know what is real anymore.
You posted the same picture twice wong.
Yea its not happening.
Im getting crash errors.
But yolo.
I have it downloaded.
Not gonna be around in a few mins so no ga for me right now.
Then Golf after.
I was looking forward to that game so long.
I almost resent OW.
I guess I should say making that part fun would be very hard.
I will give it a read through later.
Damn that sounds interesting.
Not sure why they tried to shoehorn the day job stuff in.
I'm sure that's what made it not fun.
The remaining team members were given a month to try and do something with the assets and ow was born last minute from that.
They couldn't make it fun enough was the reason it was cancelled as well.
Was similar enough to destiny in looks that was also a problem with the new relationship with activision.
You had a day job as well with lots of ai characters .
They hired most of the sims team for that part.
Your gonna make me type a lot on a mobile.
Which I can see OW making use of.
I dunno i could be wrong, ive just only ever heard what i said.
Don't make me hunt for articles.
It was in development for a short period of time.
It is.
I dont think thats accurate.
It was a full game nearly.
Ow was born after it was scrapped.
Nah p.
I heard they couldnt decide on a direction and converted it to OW.
Used some scraps on ow.
No they fucked it up.
They didnt fuck up titan, they just rebranded it to OW.
I dont think there was even a story.
Blizzard had to fuck up Titan .
Was completely different at launch.
It was completely rewritten.
I'm always impressed how they incorporated the event of the relaunch and world reset directly into the game lore everywhere.
Including most races, classes, abilities, sprinting.
Barely an mmo.
It's pretty much KOTOR now.
FF was horrible at launch, SE did a great job actually fixing it.
And those are major IPs.
If controls or UI is different by default, too often people just say its worse because its unfamiliar.
Star Wars is barely an mmo anymore.
I think alot of people dont know the difference between different and worse.
FF has to relaunch.
That's why none have found any real success.
People expect new MMOs to compare favourably in content breadth, depth, and polish with existing MMOs that have been out for years.
It took like two years to correct the bug where you were stuck in the loot position.
WS is more user friendly than wow.
Still is.
With bugs.
Wow was as bad or worse on launch is what's funny to me.
I think there were plenty of reason to feel like the game was trash, but most of the complaints never mention them.
Most people just try to find reasons to not like a game.
It wasnt perfect but it was enjoyable.
I play shortly after launch.
Most of the bugs are very ignorable and are likely an excuse imo.
But yeah there are alot of people who got on the hardcore hype train that couldnt handle the hardcore elements lol.
Which is legit.
I find alot about the length of time to correct bugs, if corrected at all.
People seem to be especially offended that wildstar was as bad as it was at launch and make it a point to defame it every chance they get.
It was become a meme at this point.
Can't stop memes.
I still find it sort of amazing how people from game sites and other mmo players love to talk about wildstar dying.
I swear a good portion are people who couldn't handle the game at release and bash it every chance they get to find validation in their failure.
Ah was thinking you meant to link the Jen Ortiz thing.
Yes was linking for others.
Isn't that kinda old news.
Or you should.
If you don't be a wide margin, then we know something is fucky.
That's what I saw in the first picture anyways.
Wouldn't the crits be deflected and thus give a lower crit rate overall?
I'll just find a set of gear without any on it and won't run tank stance.
In tank stance.
You gain strike with SP.
Np, just low as possilbe.
Since you dont want deflect reduction and dont want crit prio.
Not sure if I could do zero strikethrough, maybe if I get full set of tank gear it might not have any strikethrough on it at all.
Dont run raid buffss.
By a large enough margin to deduce its being augmented by your low str.
Again, nothing.
So you think that there is a chance at a crit at this rate?
I can leave it hitting the three targets for awhile and see what happens.
Makes sense.
This is spooky.
That is with all raid buffs and debuffs so crit prio should be on.
Nice las.
Crit should come last because its pointless to have a crit roll that can also not hit.
Multi hit roll.
Crit roll.
So I guess the next thing to test is to see if somehow attaining more crit rating would result in crits again, or I guess less strikethrough could do it as well.
Or maybe not, I dunno.
Maybe multihits criting is done seperatly and differently, maybe this issue existed since before multihits were a thing and when they made multihits being able to crit it was done in such a way to not have this behavior happen as well.
Maybe this was also a thing before armor pierce from too much strikethrough was a thing as well.
CK wasnt there an issue with glance and defelct where the roles were done in the incorrect order so you could deflect an attack after you rolled a glance?
So there has to be some sort of role thats overriding crit roles.
Incorrectly converting crit wouldnt explain how you can still get a MH crit.
Seems armor pierce is converting properly.
We can see if arp is getting transfered properly by the difference in average autos.
Non crit non MH.
Do you know what your normal average hit is in norm strike vs excess strike?
No regular hits crit at all.
This was also with all strikethrough runes on all gear.
For what thats worth.
Falt crit gain.
Depends on your crit.
So what percentage of rating did you want?
No yellow numbers.
Or you physically saw no crits.
So just to confirm.
Someones got laveka numbers somewhere.
Per character tooltip.
Right that makes sense.
So lower than arp rating would give you.
Then i can determine what the cause is.
And in combat stats per parse?
Serule using his googlesmarts.
I giggled.
This wasn't in ncsoft's TOS.
How dare you get my glance mit without my permission.
So in PvP, a hit has to interact a little more with the receiver, and then get sent back to the game.
Maybe that's in the same package of armour calculation.
If they do I haven't noticed.
Hm, do any NPCs have glance in them?
Isn't that a stat that strictly belongs to the player?
Normally I feel like that doesn't make sense.
I feel like people would do a.
But this is Carbino we're talking about.
I really don't want to defend this, I just had fun typing it.
Or a third stage of flags determining multihits and multicrits.
That's called a multicrit, darling.
What about a crit multi hit.
I'm pretty fucking brilliant huh?
Two checkpoints that a hit goes through, where it's applied that erroneous flag on the second one.
Shut up you sheep.
Cuz you never know what information they contain.
Hella spooky.
You know what's spooky?
Deleted messages.
That's grade A spooky.
Wtb numbers people to find out more stuff about this in depth.
Someone should delete that shit.
Wow that's some phrasing right there.
I think this means we keep on winning.
But on the other hand this means that if AYD wants us to come he now has to message us personally every time.
We fought the good fight.
Too late.
It was in the PFC discord.
I don't wear this stupid hat for nothing.
Last I heard you were merely a birb.
I feel like a red headed step child.
How can you?
They're deleted.
I sense deleted messages.
So much abuse.
I'll stick to formulating annoying strategies.
I'd call that a success.
I'm on my phone.
It took soooo long.
How long did you spend right clicking and deleting?
I'm surprised that took you so long.
And then take it to pvp and rolf stomp pvp as well apparently.
Sounds like a win win to me.
Ha that stuff isn't eligible.
And the stats would far out weigh everything but the class sets.
People can just run through ds and grab alt gear sets anyway.
That's the thing, this is carbine we're talking about.
The only reason it is even debatable to consider doing is because in all likelyness it'll probably take a month or two or maybe never fixed at all.
If it was a different company that tried a little we wouldn't consider switching runes cause it'd be fixed too quick for it to be worthwhile.
Only works on pappyforged shit?
Or everything?
TIME TO REPLACE ALL MY RUNES WITH LOW LEVEL RUNES.
Yeah thats why he had to pappyforge shit tier runes.
Nah thats just pappyforged runes.
ALL YOU KNOW ABOUT RUNEING IS A LIE.
Lesser Runes OP BIS GG.
Redmoon mutiny!
This is ridiculous!
Cant even shit post in my own discord channel, what is this world coming to.
Happy St. Patrick's day you bunch of drunkards.
I still haven't rolled higher on lockbox items.
Hmm, lame, guess I'll just gather info for warriors only then.
It was pretty unorganized though.
Would be useful and even if not complete, I would like to add to it to get a better idea of what instances to farm for what.
There's one somewhere but I can't fetch the link til I'm home.
Anyone make any sheets for what base items drop from what instances yet?
Lol damnit Zeb try to contain that pls.
I assume so.
Does primal matrix health scale into the chest fusion rune mountain?
Wat i miss.
Boilem, mashem, stickem in a stew.
Wildstar is my favorite game of all time.
Potato salad.
FOR SCIENCE.
Also intensity.
Vigor is the best tanking stat.
Pants!
Gotta rune for Dev and Onsl, crit and vigor.
Or maybe it was shoulders.
I remember the days when vulpes would say dps pants were the secret thing for tanking.
Nooo my secret tech!
Can confirm the math is bad.
Do it.
Edits are open.
My internet stopped working one sec.
Already being nice ayds.
Rip our raid tonight.
But apparently I'm just always, unknowingly mounted.
I thought I had tried it.
Bunch of noodle in their chili mongoloids in here.
Good Guy Matt.
Dude stop teasing me.
Do you want you fuck me or not?
Totally izus fault.
Also, dead people don't talk.
Wildstar combat is too fast.
Yeah if AYD would have taught me how to heal i could have carried enigmo.
Are we playing the blame game?
It's ayd's fault then.
Not izu's fault!
Drunk's fault!
Carbine needs to break their game more so there's maintenance every day then.
It's actually a fall behind mechanic for some people.
Wow is this the catch up mechanic?
Varies week to week.
No partial purples.
On every purple?
Tis a bug.
Server downs cause resets.
This will happen every week.
No patch.
Probably due to the minor patch today.
Nah spaghetti noodles.
I think its a weird southern thing.
No they aren't.
Yeah that shit is weird.
Those short round noodles?
Mongoloids thats who.
Honestly, who puts noodles in chili?
Its izus fault.
Joke's on you Vulpes.
Enigmo didn't even finish their RMT lockout this week because CK abandoned them.
Nah, humak wasnt that bad.
I hear their former healer was trash tier.
Thanks CK.
AYD when are you going to help me with my slinger heals?
Make him better healer.
Server up.
Thats the whole point of the addon.
You dont need to hit tab.
Targets Gleo the whole fight.
Just doesn't hit tab.
He uses the addon.
Use addon.
Nope clearly not CK.
CK doesnt play wildstar so it cant be him.
I read the entire thing a few days ago.
Very good.
I can niether confirm nor deny.
That was your article?
Surprise dnd session.
Golf, for honor, heroes of the storm, overwatch, pvp, idunno anything reall.
Id be down unless we find something more fun to do.
Dnd chat fellas.
Say aye.
All in favour of Steve Irwin?
Sounds fair.
That sort of thing.
Finding the weakest link.
Like voting people off the other team?
Can we make dnd more like survivor?
Vermana we gotta play some for honor.
I'm rusty as fuck though.
Ihu poly.
Poly don't get my hopes up like that.
Golf?
Pvp?
Dungeons?
For honor?
Other game?
So what are we doing tonight you fucks.
He doesnt love you anymore you cracker.
Suck it.
Yeah closed app and reopened still gone.
All other convos are there.
Lol well our messages all disappeared so I wasn't sure.
Lol I think AYD unfriended me on Discord.
It does leave the match pretty nicely at the end though.
Matchq doesn't work with high latency, and it doesn't work with quing premades.
I still haven't tried the Google bidets.
And at this point I'm too afraid to try.
Anyone in here prefer single ply tp over double or triple?
Well i did mention you so.
For the increased prestige gain!
You have to have signature on each account.
Isn't there a addon that auto accepts and queues for bg's?
Maybe with control clicks, idk i'll have to dig around to find an answer.
Oh right hmm.
Maybe you can ahk the process?
Get em bench, don't put up with that shit.
Shut the fuck up CK.
Please stop, youre making me hard.
Graphing revenues, profits, and other shit within an industry comparing it to our chosen company.
Not hard just time consuming.
Its just business analysis stuff.
I thought you quit?
What kind of work is it?
Cha brah.
Its all group work fml.
Work with my group members?
You play me plat and ill do your homework for you.
Depends on how much work I get done on my assignments.
Remember when people couldn't even do greenroom.
I thought it was a toaster tbh.
Its a fucking g not a j you wanker.
Oh shit.
But it's a toaster.
Even though the one for yellow room was wrong LUL.
Think it was our first few avatus pulls.
When's the last time I got the blue UFO.
AYD's holding out on us.
Its a whale.
Getting fired up over markers.
I remember some heated arguments if it was a whale or a chef's hat.
Someone was already whale chef.
No i had to switch when i joined FS.
You're whale chef everyone knows that.
Is that why you never gave me ghost mark AYD?
It was pretty bad.
You didn't see me fail at golf ayd.
For being too spooky?
Sorry i'll dial it down.
You're dead Vulpes.
No talking.
Thanks for the salt.
CK shoulda made a new alt account before accusing like that.
Coming from you, that means nothing.
Youre like the most salty person here.
Despite being able to smell the salt in the air, there are no oceans here.
That's just AYD.
Yes, in reality, for science is not an oceanic guild.
Hey there.
HEY MISTER HOEDIZZIE.
TOATS N' OATS WELCOME BROTHER.
Hi new friends.
Nice one.
Does that mean pinks are broken again?
Was it the turn in or did actual gloves drop?
Even lower chance for AYD to win one now.
I just got one lol.
Guess eldans are personal loot now.
Well that's a silly system.
System is stupid.
The screen is upsidedown and horizontally inverted and the mouse controls are backwards.
Sounds like kinky German shit.
Touching gummies or the course barriers instantly resets your ball.
Hi Poly, hi AYD.
Quiet today.
We've got issues.
Thanks Serule for healing!
Please bounce titties again later.
The Blade and Soul cast error messages tho.
There are so many other things to fix in this game right now, electrodrill will have to stay garbage for a long time.
They need to just completely rework it.
They changed it from something cancerous but almost useful into something that nobody will ever use.
Good use of adding a new skill to the game!
Literally so worthless it is a waste of essence to ever get it.
I will continue to believe no class is allowed to complain about their new skills as long as electrodrill exists.
Magnum is good kinda plz.
I got a chuckle.
It used to be the other way around but they changed it awhile back to this because its easier to manage and you average higher uptime this way.
Eh thats not why but you get the idea.
Or something to that effect.
Yeah i'm clear now.
Im sure someone else said that i just didnt see it so im saying it incase you didnt.
Matt it calculates itz by using your volatility at the end of the cast.
New show on Amazon called Patriot.
Must fucking watch.
Damn straight.
Also that squeezes in more TA and MS damage isntances than any other opener.
So nice.
There we go.
Just repeating a rotation is so incredibly boring, I find.
Its why I like it so much.
Reactive class.
Vol management all relies on slight changes in frequency of dodge rolls, and it's very hard to plan it.
Has to be done automatically by feel.
If only because of vi uptime blah blah.
Its more complicated than it appears at first, for sure.
That gives you the most ITZ damage instances.
Right, ta is the most dps i'm clear on that.
TA being itz is a huge boost.
Depending on if you have VI or not.
Ideally you want to MS with just enough voli to get an ITZ ta.
It was just a hypothetical question, so if using a ms puts me below itz, as long as im itz before the cast it counts.
But the rest is correct Matt.
What are you dumb?
Youre insane.
Dear god.
I just mean if it was more central to the rotation, i.
You get to do an itz TA every rotation.
Partly why my damage is good.
It kinda does for minmaxing.
But it just doesnt work out.
Itd be nice if the engi rotation relied on that.
Yea, so rare.
When that perfect timing happens.
Otherwise you lose MS ITZ.
Yeah I know, but it feels great.
Gotta love getting a full cast of itz TA.
Ah, i thought even the first tick of TA was counted after, thats nice.
Another reason i hate that sheet.
I don't think my sheet accounts for the dr.
Yeah figured it was the same.
But ive not actually tested this with MS, ser have you done any of that?
It's close enough.
Higher ITZ attack counts tends to show as spending more time ITZ with buffs.
Does it calculate before or after the volatility is spent?
Thats how it worked with bolt caster anyway.
Yeh ser linked me earlier.
That food is only in there cus i have one stack of it left i've been using up in ds.
Glad i asked before i fucked up my runes.
Never rune when you're hungry.
Get some perfect accessories.
Better farm expeditions.
This reminds me, I need moar crit sev.
Might be closer now with RMT gear, since crit has better scaling.
Something to try.
I remember trying crit build on engi when they first introduced multihit.
Great times.
I remember when Wong was a multi hit warrior.
Just like Multihit.
Push through DR into the promised land.
You should also try the new crit  engi build.
Which makes suboptimal rune choices into optimal choices just because of all the strikethrough on gear.
Partly becasue he doeesn't have optimal gear pieces.
Yeah i was about to say your runes look kind of atrocious.
Whelp now i know why my dps has been such shitehole.
Dear god.
My sheet is a fucking abomination.
Am i crazy or missing something?
I'm still messing with it, but i'll link where i'm at now.
Here's mine.
Here's my sheet we can compare.
Well here's my sheet tell me what you think.
Rmt runes suck wang.
Ah i see where i went wrong, the idea being that you can't put broadside runes in your boots, only head shoulder and legs.
Probably after it's upgraded a few times.
For engis?
Am i missing something?
Aren't the rmt token boots better than the ds token boots?
Grats Matt on your new vendor.
Vendor is viable if you rearrange your crit mit.
Sucks that it's such a rare drop.
Thanks to vulpes letting me use his spreadsheet to set up my own glance tank build, it looks like the only piece of gear i need is the support system and i'll have a fully functional glance tank.
You're welcome.
I log into the Exile character I boosted and now my game is broken.
Thanks, Exiles.
Cause I wanted to live dat hot topic life.
I made a mordesh with my freebo anyway if he just reweeeeeeaaaally needs a partner for those.
And noones does adventures or arenas anyway except for me so.
Only thing faction locked are adventures and arenas.
This is the song that plays during Thunderfoot and Fire Lady in SSM.
I love it.
This story.
Yeah that was in a dev vid I think.
Wildstar considered that too but went away from it.
Like eso.
With a circle around.
Its basiclly a cross hair.
Crowfall was considering using telegrpahs till their commmunity completely went ape shit over it and they backtracked to a reticle.
That sounds very similar to how wow does enemy telegraphs.
So fire on ground would hurt immediately rather than say fire is about to be here.
The obstacle would be telegrpahs are not the smae as an active spell.
Only see yours and the bosses.
Like you can now.
I would assume you could turn off other combat effects.
Fire on ground vs red block.
Honestly why would it be any different.
Would be worse.
But can you imagine more visible particles?
Telegraphs already are for pvp.
That would be a cluster fuck for raids or pvp.
If CArbine would have just made them all highly visible effects rather than geometry more people would ahve bought in I think.
Its a good system but people are dumb and stubborn.
I dont care about emersion.
I think most people try to look for reasons not to like new things.
I guess i can see that.
I guess.
Cause emersion.
Alot of people seem to be turned off by the telegraphs, like the actual colors on the ground.
Tab targeting is for lazy people.
Ashes of creation.
What game?
These people on a forum for a game thats in development are trying to defend tab targeting.
Yeah that.
Utter desperation.
How far we have fallen you mean.
HAI FRIENDS.
Oh lawdy I didn't look into this patch until today.
Good one wang.
Yeah, the buff he got was Danger Zone, good eyes wang.
But that could also have been a medic buff for being close to an enemy so I dunno.
How long does it last tho.
EVERYTHING THEY'VE BEEN TELLING YOU IS A LIE!
That MH tho.
Legacy Kaoms is rarer than a mirror though.
Interested but very late.
For sure.
So, console mmo.
The combat is the best part of the game yes.
Everything else is kinda lackluster from my experience.
Legacy kaoms exists.
The combat is fun.
I feel like they could do well tbh.
Oh shit.
Game is pretty built for consoles.
Probably will go well for em.
Pretty smart.
I think I lost some IQ points from reading Twitch chat.
I got on stream spamming stalker changes when but tyrius just ran away every time.
Wouldn't it have been perfect if they got the matchmaking bug and had to figure out how to fix it?
They were confused why the dungeon didn't pop.
That awkward moment when the devs don't know how their own queue system works.
I saw too LUL.
IM SPECIAL.
I got on their stream  with my primal matrix sucks  circle.
What you say?
HE READ MY COMMENT AND LAUGHED.
Gonna copy pasts you.
Ignores RMT questions.
Addresses Chua boob slider.
We know some of you are asking about certain things.
We may be working on some new systems, some new stuff behind the scenes.
Maybe hoooouuusing.
Nice way to treat a customer.
Oh shit.
I want to delete my account now.
I'm just listening to pappy talking about the primal matrix.
I dare someone to post this copy pasta.
Totes serious.
Some pleb.
I learned its a troll.
Whomst is android.
Damn Treetz, savage.
Got timed out.
I'll take those odds.
Not time travel.
Its time traveler.
Thats not him lol.
That can't be TT.
Omg so many people brainwashed.
Could be.
I think it is.
Is that actually TT.
Hoyl shit TT.
Ayd come chat.
That's why they made this patch.
So many white knights happy about pappyforge and the matrix.
White knighting for CRB.
All these plebs.
It was fun to level with tbh.
No love for explorer.
I went explorer?
Oh.
He's probably on the list by now.
Yeah, fuck carbine.
Someone did it, was it you Wong.
Quick someone do the gadget particle bug.
Everyone ask Tyrius if there will ever be another raid.
Still better than Aurin.
Half the Chua's costumes are naked anyway.
Was my costume.
I just ran naked instead.
Tbh I never did shades eve.
This idiot didnt know the name of the shades eve.
He's not Zybak so he's lying.
Isn't that the guy that bragged about his dps on world bosses.
Yes and talks about how he is by far teh best player.
Oh he streams.
You haent seen his stream then.
Oh no.
Idk I feel like I've met some worse.
Not sure but he was the biggest tool to ever play the game.
Nice Pappy stream.
I get stopped by an ad that doesn't even load.
No free slots left for me.
Maybe they'll switch and play exiles since it'll look better for them having more people around.
You didn't boost one?
Wtb exile healer.
I'd go out to do this myself but I don't have an exile healer.
Did this a long time ago to some exiles while I was traveling out to get the stuff from thayd for the gauntlets on my medic.
Is there a way to keep track of itz uptime on logs?
They rolled dom right?
Fun thing you could do then is to take an exile healer out to where they are and whenever they come across an exile enemy npc, you can heal those npcs and prevent them from killing them.
Razor is only better if you can keep good ITZ uptime.
Will be nice to have both once we get amps.
And was wondering why it wasn't working properly.
And see slado had disabler on his gloves.
And then we check the logs.
I don't think I'll ever forget the one night we were wiping on the hammer midphase on convergence for like an hour.
No slado was much uglier.
Almost as ugly as Gleo.
I blamed him or slado for every avatus wipe.
Yeah, that was a fantastic comment.
Something to work towards.
Used to have pretty great itz with boltcaster, nowadays i just haven't tried to improve it yet.
Not sure how my itz uptime is these days since i'm still not a master of the rmt rotation.
Straight AP is amazing where you can get it.
Yea, AP amps are great.
I just made forgui have the target castbar and ia larger.
I'm pretty sure the AP is great for all dps classes, right?
Default UI shows it perfectly fine.
That addon is so shit though.
Lol the first reply is to install interrupter.
This is what happens when people boost their very first character.
Is this rock bottom yet?
Is there a more basic question someone can ask about playing this game?
So would running without critsev and without ap and taking all three of razor exploit and unstable be worth it?
You remove crit sev before anything else.
Flat crit sev is the worst stat, does literally nothing for us.
Or maybe it's critsev that is worth the least i'm not sure how those stats work.
Then i was wondering which amp points between crithit critsev and ap are worth the least.
Sortof how many amp points would i need to unlock before i remove armor pierce and add in razors edge.
I was running with unstable volatility and without razor's edge.
Wait, you aren't already running those two amps, and all armor pierce?
Or maybe some from armor pierce?
I'm not sure which amps are most valuable.
So both of you are gkicked?
Nope, I'm not doing then either.
I havent logged on to do dailies since raid, am i gkicked?
Miss a day a week, now its becoming a problem.
I'm a day behind guys.
Might as well quit now.
I refuse to become an essense junky.
Grind game.
Grind game.
Dead game.
I mean plenty of us are Wildstar challenged and we did clear RMT.
We'd always lose then, since some people are golf challanged.
Sounds gross.
Raid golf.
We'll always have Golf.
GL everyone.
Aaaaand I quit.
You'd have to give me money to take AYD's shitty toon.
Shred isn't a problem just don't right click him.
Got em.
Sell it to someone that doesn't die to autos.
Gonna sell it to some pleb.
Give me another mmo with good aesthetic, good combat and good raids and im totally down, problem is theres nothing so just raid wildstar.
When I quit, sure.
Yeah, or we could quit.
We could run it twice per week for double the chances of gear lol.
It's less work too.
Better odds on a weapon in da.
Not sure what the problem is.
Seems legit.
And do a DS with close to the same odds of getting that item level on gear.
I enjoy raiding.
I just don't enjoy having carbine it up.
Add RNG elements to BiS and ultimate make it unrewarding to do.
Well you may want to start by not filling every night we aren't raiding.
That would burn out anyone.
Next week patch for sure.
Dw carbine coming with fix.
But at this rate I won't make it to April.
Rip enigma.
O wait if ayd quits i have to quit shit.
I tried to save this shit.
It's carbine's fault.
You mean carbine.
Can I have yer stuff?
Want to play for honor?
Honestly, I don't even know if that's on the table for me anymore.
The more I log in, the stronger my salt grows.
Like they will be good or something.
So much hate.
Still will pay if devs announce hardmodes.
It appears you may not get anything from an expedition if you don't have any inventory space, maybe?
This game deserves to die.
Lol damn.
Honestly, I'd rather just not play an mmo than continue to support carbine.
I hope their studio ceases to exist and they end up unable to work on another game.
I dont like the grind much either but wtf else is there to play.
You can make internet history.
I won't grind that much unless it comes down to needing it, unless it somehow can also be done in such a way to gain purple from it as well.
Stop exaggerating you doomsayer.
I really don't know how much longer I can play wildstar.
I hate it.
Wait, wot?
Also, the trick for switching from exile to dominion also works for the daily zone.
You know that right.
Youre like a cigerette company.
Dainjre teries to sell carbine to people?
Uh, i am the senpai of carbine.
Lol fucking carbine.
Violet essence bonuses for both random normal dungeons and prime expeditions have reset.
Is it?
I have it on my old phone and my phone's time was messed up.
Nvm I fixed it.
You can make ticket.
Didn't they create a way to remove that or does it need a ticket?
Cause apparently the code isn't right.
And I can't remove it either.
Carbine is making the decision easy for you.
My two step authentication isn't working anymore.
I guess the question is how much of a change to your overall DPS not weapon to weapon.
Stl could potentially be faster, maybe.
It's a toss up between the two.
I think i set the standard of essence per boss but it clearly isnt true in regard for expeditions which sometimes dont have bosses and Academy.
It's actually tenacity.
First stat of the primal matrix.
Just when we thought we were done with farming DS.
Some people already pact.
Suicide pact when.
Nice lol.
Oh shit like everything in this game.
Pvp is dead because carbine doesn't care really,  top pvpers had outlined exactly what the problems were and simple solutions that wouldn't have affected pve at all were presented and carbine did absolutely nothing.
I had forgotten why pvp was dead.
Nice balance carbine.
Need LUL twitch emote.
Better weapons from DS.
Cause then we had big issues finding a new one.
I think it was a healer.
That medic and warrior duo were legit good.
Then they quit right before avatus progression.
Rip For Poutine.
Before ayd became raid lead I'm pretty sure.
Ahh was before ftp.
Ayd probably kicked him.
Can't remember that guy.
Was awhile ago.
I can't remember his name.
Wasted implies you'd do something more productive with your time lol.
Only six months?
Cooking?
For the rare meats, sort of.
Isn't it like stupid expensive too.
Too lazy to level cooking.
Too bad Laveka's pet doesn't laugh more often.
The only pet that matters is the celery.
On pets.
Well yeah, what kind of jerk would ask for gifts?
Just to trigger people.
Gonna stunt with my DS mount.
With that chariot of the krogg mount.
And they dead.
Just hit probes and then collider.
Or the probes rotation in PvP.
EZ billion dps.
Just smash buttons.
That was the nice thing about disco rotation.
I suck tho.
It's actually really fun.
Time to reroll lads.
Nice design.
Faceroll whackamole.
Never was good at the gr rotation anyways.
Oh rip.
That doesn't work now cuz of surgical.
Then hit collider.
Hold down gr until it stops working.
So like medic then.
Then press punish.
Hold down impale until your character stops making sounds.
You don't need teaching.
No thnx.
But then I'd have to get ayd to teach me.
Roll one.
Stalkers are hilariously broken now.
What class?
Might just download and get my boost.
Reroll an Esper then.
Lol bitch build warriors.
Never ran it so idk.
Fucking warriors.
I'm pretty sure.
That's not how disabler works though.
Cause of ints.
Unruned with no prior knowledge of how ones class works?
I should queue for random dungeons later and see how bad the PuGs are.
What ilvl gear do you get with the boost?
I did.
Did you see that Reddit post.
Oh yeah were you watching the FS stream last night?
My PM bugged the shit out for a little while.
Visually it looked like it had completely reset LUL.
Goddamn BUILD files.
More like bored as fuck at work.
Serule is so helpful.
Gotta love the shit Nexus chat can produce.
Well i guess it might be different if your class got good abilities.
The ideal path is to go straight down and then around the circle to pick up ability points right?
How much per boss?
So should be the best for farming.
Academy is all bosses.
That's what i want to know.
What's time efficient for grinding common essences?
Well shit.
Let me double check.
So everyone gets their own loot?
Prime loot that is.
It's given out directly.
Not understanding loot in dungeons.
I'm seeing really nothing drop from bosses and I only roll on rando drops, then I have all this shit in my inv I never saw drop.
Carbine useless as usual.
So many special snowflakes.
People announcing in arcterra they are quiting cause they didn't get loot off a boss.
Then depending on how fast you want to bloe your brains out do the common essences.
So I just want to do the shit that give me purple essence correct?
Its a bug, and if it wasnt it would be a gate.
Some of these fuckers are really delusional.
Specific requires premade.
Too much to type but, you can only queue random primes.
So why can't I queue for specific primes?
In a protogames.
No that was someone else.
Raids are hard.
She raids doe.
Thats what fran said?
Fran Bunny is in Nexus chat CK.
Your fav.
The queue has always had some weird protogames bias.
Lol all these boosted people queuing for prime dungeons and every pop so far has been Proto games or academy and Three people so far have quit the game cause too hard.
Wildstar may live for a long while, but it will just be grinding out the primal matrix by replaying content that has been in the game since launch.
If you've already spent a lot of time playing, this update is kind of an insult.
A new end game advancement system that is a literal pile of shit.
That caters to the casual players.
The just released a big patch yesterday.
Wildstar needs to be shot like a sick dog, are they even still working on shit fit the change with that low population?
We finished it.
How is RMT going?
You guys finish it yet?
I'm scared.
Are you implying that video has something to do with me?
QUIT MONKEYING AROUND.
You can ride mounts with the RMT toy.
Nerf SSM plz.
I'm not the one who pays for data so I'm not gonna do that.
Cant tether your phone for data?
Fuck you internet.
Internet died.
I should probably make note of that on forums.
He declined.
I tried to ginvite him.
Wait, does he not understand you can only use that build with the gear for it?
Vulpes toweliee is using your tank build lul.
Toweliee is streaming.
I'll be a minute or two late.
He admitted his mistake it's cute.
Anything special we need to do before raid?
For now.
Game alive.
Game ded yet?
That aside.
Rip people with jobs.
Might as well give up at this point, forever behind.
Rip vermana.
Dailies reset.
You already lost a day man.
Might have a little time to get some matrix done before raid, lol.
How bad is the pappyforge?
It's a hard responsibility.
Somebody has to be the gatekeeper.
Literally only ayd can invite.
Only one person has said 'wtf is that' so far.
And stuff.
It wants a guild invite.
People still can't invite.
It's a Frankenstein.
I would love to see the costume AYD would come  up with for her.
Damn feels good to have beaten tfp to laveka.
Does anyone still make addons?
Also is there an addon that will track whether or not I've gotten the bonuses, or should I just hope to remember it?
That shit was the best when I was a kid.
RIP club penguin.
You dont meet the minimum gear requirements, sorry.
Idk i couldnt either.
So why can't I queue for a prime KV?
For a week.
Live gaem.
Pretty close.
Dunno what fraction of people play steam vs crb client.
I wonder how populated servers are.
We won't know until we raid.
You just mean the exploit?
The intended pappyforge is live?
Plan on raiding tonight.
I didn't go live.
Did pappyforge go live?
So they assume they missed it or its done in another way.
The icon doesnt display if you have max chara slots.
Im starting a progression guild on a club penguin private legacy server if you want to join.
I am paying close attention though.
Ah well.
Ck did you save the game?
Not today.
What do we say to death?
Today's the day.
Wakey wakey east coast eggs and bakey.
Thats jory's alt.
Or a third CK alt.
Its probably ayd.
Hes conned us all.
He's fuckin subtle.
Whew, good for them.
TFP just killed Laveka.
Good times.
Your post about Fran bunny made me remember when someone reserved her name and posted the picture in the thread where she was bitching about it.
Im creative.
Idk what to say.
I see.
CK pls.
Comment karma or post karma?
Um how i check?
I earned those imaginary internet points not with reposts but with sick OC.
Nah man I don't want those dank downboats tarnishing my karma.
Why didn't you make that the title?
Its just a ketchup mechanic.
Probably will if those bugs go live.
Your guys kill post is hot hot hot.
Youre alive in my heart vulpes.
Fucking quitter.
You're dead to me now.
I actually die tomorrow.
Dead people don't talk.
You're dead Vulpes.
So does Ordo.
Keepers lives on inside our guild.
Keepers of the keg rip.
Forgot drow.
What is dead can never die.
Got it.
So subterboobs destruction was vulpes fault?
Also pugged alot in subterfuge.
In fact when i joined exile, drow and voodoo died shortly after.
You guys must all be bad luck.
The only guild I killed was the group I was playing with at launch.
They couldn't handle his damage, so they all committed sudoku.
Nobody wanted to step up to be the fire marshal.
Every guild Ser joins.
I'm seeing a pattern here.
World last.
So many quitters.
So many dead guilds.
Yeah, there was only enigma and DNP on NA before us.
Kind of sad really, though the content is challenging.
Third in na yes.
Were we third?
Or are there others before us not on WS Progress.
Good job, chaps.
Kinda pls.
Thick, tight, solid, etc.
Updated us on wsprogress.
Oh so billy is a cat.
No dev gratz.
Says the fox guy.
Aaaand back to being the furry guild.
Cat herder ayd.
Big congrats!
Grats, duders!
Are we?
We're not progressing anymore.
But, the vitruvian man is sexist.
We're a progressive guild.
Good call, Poly.
Grats on Laveka!
Bitch i run stuns.
Where's the PDU.
I only call for cleanse please when i see my screen turning red like oh youre dying hey.
Quit bitchin and cleanse me faster.
Gn all grats again.
Congrats guys!
We killed her, ya dummy.
Carry me through laveka next week so I can quit.
Grats friends.
Oh shit did I miss it.
Nice job!
And then come back and kill it the next night.
Generally we start tilting after getting close to killing it the first time and spend the rest of the night derping.
Also I'm not there this week.
So thats why we're missing these pushes!
Im just stating facts on stat priority.
I dunno.
Probably  with a buy order you can get it cheaper  MAYBE.
I pretty much said if ppl want  behemoth meat food  ill make it   but theyll have to provide the behemoth meat.
I make glance food  just not glance mit atm.
Its the only reason i made it.
Its used on somefights.
Armor isnt best for any tank.
I dont make behemoth meat stuff at all apart from armor atm.
They aren't even buying the right food.
Damn DPS.
Best food for warrior and engi tanks.
Oh  glance mit.
He bought out the servers supply.
That's a lot of bahemooth.
O fug.
More for you then i guess.
Anyone gonna take that bait?
Is he someone famous?
Who is carl?
You fuckers really don't know sagan?
Is that not carl sagan?
CK who is that in your profile pic?
Thats what im thinking at this point.
Because if they announced it early people would actually look into the update and realize its shit.
They announced it so late so they can get people to kneejerk reaction play.
They lose the few people who might be like.
By few I mean like.
Such a Carbine thing to do.
Announce the boost two days in advance and then remove it by the time most people find out.
Pissing the world off again.
WHAT THE FUCK.
ITS IN THE FUCKING ANNOUNCEMENT DID SHE NOT READ IT.
KILL ME NOW.
Artificially making old content hard on ourselves?
Great idea, let's call it prime difficulty.
New gaim.
Lol.
Just do a progression reset.
Well, dang.
We should all boost a character and do a GA.
Casual kurtis.
Oh my b, thought the C stood for casual.
Fuck if i know im not a casual.
What does that one give?
Idont know the bought one either.
Same as bought one i think.
What ilvl gear does the boost give?
Why sea?
Is it because of all the salt in the water?
Lots of recruits.
And if yoy dont kill it.
O well we almost have laveka down.
Now this is to circumvent that entirely.
The redid the tutorial zone twice.
They trying to get as many people through the content as possible before they shut down.
Hes pretty excited about getting a scientist costume too.
Yes, everyone stack right 'ear!
If you're not moving to minimize effort from your healers then you're doing it wrong.
This isnt point and click healing, position matters.
Same with not playing will no allied telegraphs, the healers have to heal me, I dont need to move for them.
I dont tbh.
I'm guessing casual.
Oh hey, the feature I found on PTR finally got announced.
How rude.
Ck left it.
Thats what we did.
Is this really what i have to deal with on reddit?
AYD only accepts nudes.
When I make my new Aurin stalker, should I just write AYD a check, or does he accept payment for pinks in CREDD?
Either they are the same people or they aren't.
We should all make Aurins and makem our mains to push AYD over the edge.
Then fuck myself with a spoon.
Or buy chua warrior.
Slinger healer.
CK what class are you going to boost?
I imagine the Carbine office looks like  a big room in mine craft full of villagers with lots of doors.
People wlking in circles bumping into each other randomly going through doors then coming back in again.
They dont wan to bother leveling a character in another game so they stay put in whatever they play.
They cant get out of their own way.
Jesus christ carbine.
Told caydiem to announce something.
Anyone remember in beta how there was much less fog while looking across long distances.
The fog was added to help frame rates but hurt the visuals.
I dont see any way to edit that in the user files.
Anyone know of a way to remove the fog or manually increase view distance beyon the UI settings?
Was on ptr last last update.
Already known.
Might be downvoted without reading.
I wouldnt want to post on main acc.
Well if i were ck.
He's talking about you not posting it on your main account.
What are you talking about?
So yeah, CK why did you post it on a dummy account?
I have my unit frames highlight for any cleansable debuff, and a huge bright blue line pointing to person with soulfire for Laveka.
Yeah, good work guys.
I feel like it would get super annoying though lul.
If it helps I can open my mic when I cleanse.
Oh god what is that quote from.
Oh my aching bones.
And now we have a base point.
Less anyways.
People will spend omni and money.
Definitely not ptw.
Don't worry.
Raids are broken because they require you to play the game guys.
Who dis guy?
Ive been trying to say the same thing but he layed it out better.
Wow this guy is well spoken.
That was to ministabber.
Dude im in hte wrong line of work.
Terrible post.
The author sounds like a politician.
Where was that?
Damn ck theyre on to you.
Isn't that what CRB is going for?
More of the casual market?
And def.
Should not have a voice in directing the upcoming features and releases.
But this guy must be ancient or have downs.
Not to dis old people like silt.
Raid progression is broken content guyz.
Cant kill you, you have too much hp and toughness.
Kill me now.
Oh i c.
Of different media?
Picks things im interested in.
Is it just a feed?
Google app.
Your google front page wtf is that?
Made my google front page.
There is now a meta thread.
Second only to cake.
Primal Matrix is best thing ever.
I down voted.
Nah sure some upboat bots in there.
Damn that's like the entire population.
Thanks citizen.
But so true.
Thanks make sure to post feedback or ask questions, im sure twirl will be willing to answer.
Only one person would put this much effort into trying to save carbine from themselves.
Apparently thats a thing.
Edit your post to remove the direct link.
Haha outed almost immediately.
Upvotes dont count if you upvote via direct link.
Dont follow that link.
Please upvote this and pray someone at CRB sees this post.
Don't worry I gotchu.
Crap, already down voted.
The summary.
So sad, but true.
Thats the one.
Itll be obvious.
Please upboat.
Thats everything ever.
Then it, like everything else, becomes routine.
That's almost exactly what it is like.
Gotta say, at least the first few times you encounter a boss.
Terrible addon.
Stephen was what pulled people in.
Those videos had me so hype.
Feels bad man.
The magicians isn't half bad.
IDK, I promise you I did not puruse more information considering the source.
He's talking about Dream I'm assuming?
He is kinda.
You fucking pleb.
Where are you.
Is this life of pi.
The best part about it is that it involves so little movement, I can macro my rotation to one button, and eat a sandwich while I raid.
Crazy right.
Check and check!
And world bosses?
Is there open world pvp?
Yeah, you can install an autoattack timer addon and cast your spells and abilities between autos for maximum damage!
Does it add a real combat system, volx?
Damn volx, that is enticing.
Not much because of ad block.
Id compare you getting exposure much like youtube ads or twitch ads get exposure.
I muted that channel.
Free exposure as long as you played wildstar at some point coo.
Playing World of Warcraft.
The Wildstar Stream Bot in the Wildstar discord is pretty shitty.
It announces when someone goes live no matter what game they're playing.
Just need to get some booze.
Is there golf tonight?
Just read public enigma chat you non believer.
Look at his profile name.
That is klade.
Character name.
Who is that?
I thought was fake too.
Smh deport Billy when.
For reals.
Worse than the french.
Fucking mexicans man.
Stop trying t defend yourself.
Now that's somthing I havent seen.
Billy is an albino Mexican, confirmed.
Just like Some Cubans are white etc.
Some are white.
Yes both.
And Mexican.
You're white.
You can be white and Mexican.
Yes I am.
He's white.
Billy isn't Mexican.
Fair enough.
Because its not illegal.
Yeah but its not as good.
We got that.
You were talking about unlimited drugs.
It's legit here.
That sucks.
Not like.
I am Mexican actually.
Billy do you have swat where you live or are you like mexican?
Trannys hate him.
With one simple trick?
And he didnt have to stalk me to get it.
Hoedown has my number.
Im the best.
Just measage me it.
I'll call your base commander.
Before we quit I'm going to put Billy's phone number in guild info so we can all prank call and harass him.
Billy pls.
He's all about the clean life and hard cocks.
No one doesnt like drugs.
How about drugs and dick?
But with the easier difficulty you can do all at the same time now.
AYD doesn't like either of those.
What ayd needs is some pussy and drugs.
But ill never watch it again if given access to ultimited pussy and drugs.
There isn't always.
When there is a good show left to watch.
I think watching netflix is fun.
Actually its more difficult than that.
CK is a child confirmed.
He tripple dog dares you.
Im not childish, you are!
Lol, like CK could pressure me to quit by being childish.
Now you are peer pressured AYD you have to quit to prove your manhood.
Well why stay active when rmt hardmode will likely come out half a year after?
Hm or not.
Yeah we are staying.
And ive already grinded for so long.
Okay they didnt say its not coming out.
Just one fore day.
If it's not addressed by then I'll quit.
That really hinges on how bad next Wednesday will be though.
After we kill Laveka we MIGHT stick around to see if they say anything about hardmodes.
Cause yall are quiting.
Good thing it doesnt matter.
Yeah, it's highly likely that alts could outgear mains after this shitshow on Wednesday.
And youd have to get new gear on your main anyway cuz pappyforge so.
Anyone on ptr?
Lol yeah.
Which is like lolwhut.
Apparently the maps are going to much much larger since they dont have to worry about comaptability with previous generations.
Yo toontowns the shit.
I think toontown has  a private server.
Any takers?
Wow AYD, rude.
When you say os RuneScape do you truly mean os?
Higher frames.
Playing a hunter on TBC is basically playing Wildstar with a lower poly count.
Best of all worlds.
Free armor trims!
I think I still have my runescape account.
Gotta remember my old runescape account name and password.
OS runescape, got it, lets go.
So hm, new mmos.
Basically this means we MUST down laveka before the drop or else the kill is worthless because carbine are turning the game into the easiest MMO on the market.
I wonder if pvp gear can get pappyforged.
How many expeditions are prime now?
Pappyforged jabbits ftw.
Hoedown always makes sense.
I'll send you a screenshot when I'm home, then it'll all make sense.
Lol, could you please repeat that?
Cus I don't hoarde, don't have the bank space haha.
Why would you get rid on your DS gear?
Also what about the max rep weapon ?
Zilli loves jabbits.
Hard pass on that lol.
May as well.
Gotta stock up on inventory?
Looking forward to being free.
At least we'll both die with dignity, huh.
We are free.
CRB bans us all.
We use exploit.
CRB introduces exploit.
Its all part of the plan.
I'm a genuine Wildstar shill but this is simply beyond comprehension.
Is this the price for not being pay to win?
Exploit the most boneheaded dev fail to win?
Sinking ship.
This is the end.
This cannot be how it happens.
On Wednesday.
It's going live lol.
I don't believe it.
This cannot go live.
Ok so the HBA worked.
So dunno.
Oh wait i tried them outside first.
For weapon.
LOL SORE.
I am a fool.
You need to do it in rmt.
About ot be.
Anyone on the ptr?
Are you selling in RMT to get that result or anywhere?
I'll test it.
No clue.
Which is better than a pink.
Yeah, that's an avatus weapon.
No look at names.
Ah I thought that was a before and after of sorts.
Cause its from vendor.
Look up at ayd's pic.
Oh well.
So now Im behind for ahving the better weapon.
But if its not bis then why bother with it?
Yeah I started typing and you finished your thoughts first.
I feel like you are responding and not reading what Im saying.
Requiring outdated content is bad design.
It doesnt need to be better.
Otherwise its just a huge time sink to do DS on a weekly basis.
Nothign wrong wiht creating a reason to run older content.
I guess.
Would have to have pink drop from laveka too then.
But making it not upg is silly.
Yeah Im okay with that being gone.
The difference between pink and not pink is huge.
Thats not what i said.
When I didnt have one.
They kept me highly interested.
Maybe for some.
They needed to phase them out.
I mean, pinks were extremely unhealthy for the game.
So they picked one weapon and shit on it.
But not pinky.
Ish.
You can upgrade tokens.
Right making token gear worse then rando gear is silly.
Its technically a token.
Dont fully understand why pinky cant upgd like the rest .
RIP.
I guess I need to install the ptr and figure this nonsense out.
Stay awhile and listen.
Welcome to Diablostar.
Jesus christ why though.
Some assault.
Rip its support.
I have lots of shit in the bank.
Oh shit nvm.
Not muchp.
I have some.
Yeah I wish.
Yep.
Hope everyone held onto their old gear.
Pappyforged time.
The power creep will be immediate Wednesday.
That was.
Interesting.
I'll be around.
Anyone going to be around that has a settler to test this PTR bug?
And now everything is usually about ptr shit or Komi trolling.
I'm pretty sure I've seen times where there was a few days without anyone posting anything before this patch was announced.
Its mostly random shit.
More chat in the guild channel but yes.
Enigma disord is super quiet.
And suck when i do.
Because i dont play dota.
So it gets boring.
Pyro and fraya.
Love that people were upset by that tag.
That's part of his plan.
Lol ok.
CK is slowly killing them with his absence.
Enigma isnt dead?
Lol, people were complaining to Reddit admins.
Oh thats why you changed it?
I can be more vulgar.
I say get hired and we'll take bets on how quickly you get fired.
I can do as much in my current position as if i were to be hired.
Yeah.
Meh.
How is that different than whats happening now?
It would ultimately be worthless to be hired by them other than to get gsme development on my resume.
Idk, being an avid player of the game they might want your recommendations even if you can't help with design.
Id need a senior position which i even at my current job dont have the credentials to pull.
What should we do for this next drop.
Add this feature.
It would just be.
Fix this bug.
And no pull on design decisions.
I mean.
Id be essentislly worthless for several months.
The problem would be i dont know their tools.
I'll write you a LoR.
Does the saturday rmt group use a different discord?
I was trying to judge how much you dislike the company.
I would be gimping my career a lot, id work oart time on time of the job i akready have though.
Youd be limited in the same way.
That was a rich post, we need slot colors cus depth of gaem.
I can make the runeplanner without it.
Slot colors arent used for anything.
He was talking about elements.
Rune slots and elements add planning and complexity!
Fuck.
That.
Well if the question is about rune slots, then the scope of the answer will be rune slots.
Much like RMT gear.
Yeah, so heavily relies on good stat itemization.
It would automatixally be upgrades.
Because of new stat allocation.
Wouldnt be a downgrade.
But will be upgradable.
Aww, still good shite tho.
Fuck, my bank spec is on point.
And yes If I ere raid lead i would let you do that.
Yes Matt.
So non token gear can get rolled on matrix launch when you sell then buy back?
I could pick and choose when I get to come.
If it were successful without me.
It's the same logic.
Your proving my point.
It wouldnt be though.
I could come when I choose.
So if the guild was successful without me.
It wouldnt.
Well thats true.
That's like saying the guild wouldn't exist without me.
The shit wouldnt exist without two of us.
Like at all.
I really don't care.
Bayou has a point.
To be fair.
When you choose to.
Doesn't mean you get to come.
Starting it and not showing up.
Ride my coat tails harder.
What we starteds.
Carbine fucks up more that I could have ever imagined.
Yeah to supliment.
Worst case scenario, theres an exile laveka npc in some exile starting zone.
We could prob take her.
Not you.
Also, we created Friday.
Eat a giant cockmeat sandwich.
Is that legit?
Wanting to show up when it benefits you.
Not you.
Vulpes and I created it.
Gtfo with that.
We got to laveka lastnight.
You think maybe you are being sabotaged by memebers who dont want to quit in your raid?
If you want to quit so bad then how vome laveka is still up.
I'm just going to enjoy this absolute shit show.
It's just funny.
We don't want to play more.
You should want to quit not play more.
I'm a admin in the group.
Look at attendance.
You're not priority anymore.
Hold a fucking spot.
I'm admin.
Fuck off billy.
Hold me a fuckin spot then, not this first come shit.
They just now have less than a week to do it.
Go into RMT and vendor it there.
But like i said they could fix it.
And wait for pappyforge.
So take non token DS gear.
Just normal item drops.
Doesnt work on tokens.
Wow remember when people predicted that they would get free ilvl upgrades when pm came out?
So go to DS this friday and roll on every medium assault piece.
That sounds like a massive SWE design fail.
What the fuck.
Fucking dumb.
That get pappyforged.
It's nom token drops.
Even DS?
So little faith that carbine will execute properly.
Its not easy.
This means, all your gear in your mails, bugged items, etc.
So they probably are aware that this is going to happen and decided they're okay with it?
CK, I should turn in tokens for gear now then correct?
SO i can sell and buy back in RMT?
With a new flag saying yes, it has been rolled for already.
So they would have to regenrate every single item in the game.
Would require a massive change.
In order to fix this.
So heres the problem.
Yes technically.
Settlers are so useful now.
So you seel your gear in rmt.
It starts at that base ilvl.
And when you sell and buy back regenerating the ilvl of the item.
So each zone has a base ilvl.
So i think you mean selling inside of rmt.
SHould I turn in tokens now then?
But after everyone has gone through itll be ack to normal.
Is that talking about the key or something?
What is this other bug mentioned about stats out of RMT?
Its back to normal.
Lmfao.
GG.
Any gear you currently have on live can be rerolled exactly once.
When this hits live it wont be of any benefit to noobs.
For the chance of free upgrades.
Vendor all your items and buy them back on patch day.
The exploit.
Wow.
So.
Hence why it rolls once.
Therefore items that havent been created since the patch have no flag and when they are sold they generate new ilvl and then set the flag.
That way when you switch zones, sell buy back it does not reroll again.
So that after it has generated its random ilvl inc it is flagged as having done so.
Yes, no.
So basically they added a flag to the item.
I'm confused on how the item is rolled for the first time if it is already in the player's inventory.
Is it when you vendor the item and purchase it back?
Really sad how they don't even have latest changes for the bug testers.
Lol.
But if you are confused you can ask me and ill try and fill you in.
Done bin tested.
No need to test on ptr.
Its literally laid out in the thread.
I understand the bug completely.
But according to the last post it still exists in some form.
Not sure what the details are really, never tried to reproduce it on the last patch.
So when the item is added to your inventory it is rolled.
I'm assuming.
Roll as in vendor it and buy it back?
Non token stuff.
No, apparently if you roll once on old raid items there's a bug it'll upgrade to prime.
If I understand what he posted.
Oh wow.
That randomly upgraded for him?
Somewhere in that thread, can't properly link on the mobile site.
Or are you saying it's possible?
How it multiples s even on the sheet i made weeks ago.
I tested with both sig and not sig lol.
There's still a lot of bugs.
Them pushing this patch out next week is extremely dumb.
Just read that there's still the scaling bug for raid gear?
Maybe they messed up something with the difference in basic and signature.
Do you have signature?
And there are people both in carbine and being players.
But people are dumb.
Well they didnt.
Okay.
Well I don't know what else to expect from CRB.
It makes sense that they'd fuck up something simple like a multiplier.
Once per reset like the other multiplers.
I'll get on ptr when I get home and report it too.
Lol!
Math is hard.
Like really hard.
Carbine cant fix real issues cause retards report features not bugs.
Other people dieing increases your parse, therefore everyone needs to be more shit.
Everything is okay.
But as long as you grab your soul before you decide to be shit again.
You can be shit and die once.
Pretty much the whole fight.
Thanks CK.
Gg izi pizi.
Dont die twice.
Whatcha got there matt?
Serule please.
Fuck that.
EAT SHIT.
You sure?
You sure.
Thats not how math works ck.
I ate it.
With what proof?
Sor?
Im reporting you to lawlta for vote manipulation.
This is important.
What's up?
I was wondering who fucked up the eldan gaunts.
Oh fuck, thanks for reminding me i gotta make something to eat before raid.
Wheres ayd?
And the bugged eldan gauntlets.
At least we know the answer to the bank spawns now.
Supposedly.
Nvidia shadowplay.
Dunno how good it works though.
Textbook dictatorial takeover.
It was because you let autumnfell in wasn't it?
Hoedown got demoted?
Don't the newer nvidia cards have a stream function?
I remember knowing somebody who used it.
Good input AYD.
What's your CPU serule?
Such is life.
I wish I had money to fix my desktop.
Ty ty.
Ship me ur old pc parts.
Especially since streaming.
Wildstar still chugs like shit lul.
Definitely CPU bottlenecked.
Needs the best single core you can throw at it.
I think that's still the devils canyon.
Ah gotcha.
T r a n s p a r e n c y.
LOL SOR.
Dont know anyone better.
I mean ayd is the best.
What's the Sor, you don't want to be in this discord anymore?
Billy you in?
Im starting a mutiny.
This is tyranny.
Good plan.
Use dat google money.
Serule buy a Ryzen and tell me if its good or not.
I'm still in wait to see actual benchmark mode.
Not buying the theorycrafting on Ryzn.
Gotta keep the price low with what Ryzen is priced at.
AMD effect.
Remember when the officers weren't crazy.
Id avoid me on reddit.
Big tech brothers we are.
Everything gets worse except the bank account.
It's all downhill from here, bois.
I cant even see it.
Isnt it restricted enough?
We must kill Laveka before HP crutch.
Matrix is NEXT week?
I thought it was today.
No, we totally have Laveka.
I will raid all seven days if it's called for.
And I promise I won't step in my own soul anymore.
Eff the cops.
Stick it to the man.
AYD is out of control.
It was important.
All the retards are there.
And we would all get banned for asking.
If it were pr people they would talk.
Basically pr people.
It's not a bad idea if they restrict it to people who are competent to talking to the public.
They have someone answering questions that she's not qualified to answer.
It would be a great idea if they had developers on there that knew what they were doing.
For carbine employees.
Being on a chat channel like that seems like a very bad idea.
Tell her.
Hey there's a first time for everything.
Omg treets lol.
Gaming the system.
I agree, if you were committing an offense.
Linking someone to shitposting?
Can't say I'm worried.
Otherwise this conv could be linked back.
No one can know the true name.
That was a test name.
Make your name KillDaMics or some shit.
Seems warranted.
I think tonight ill make a very salty reddit post.
Clearly we can get top calibre players that way.
Why don't we promote in the guild recruitment channel.
Tells you everything you need to know right there.
Wew they have an RP channel on the official discord.
Till she leaves.
I think we should bombard caydiem with more questions and abuse.
Ahh is the link on the subreddit?
Female aurin.
Melafae Windskipper.
Or is it for cool kids only.
What discord are you guys talking about?
And make your avatar an aurin.
You need a good RP name.
KC Kelso?
What should my new name be?
Fucking bitch.
Did i say caydiem had to go on forums and respond with idk on each question?
Now i got to make an alt account for discord.
Lol, he put you in your place.
Fuckin peter.
I just remember the horror of early league launches.
Yeah I know.
Golf and mass drinking after the kill, right?
We are killing it this week.
All that sweet MTX money is buying them new servers.
Compared to all previous leagues at least.
They were actually super stable for breach league.
They've gotten a lot better.
Implying the servers will be up on release.
Good thing new PoE league comes out this week.
Think we can?
So we have this week to kill Laveka.
Was just going to link that.
Thats basically what we wipe to AYD, you guys got it ez pz.
Gleo was just trying be like me an nod off during the last hour.
What's up?
Thats like the entire fight.
Did it die.
Gleonger floorgod.
I gotta keep up my image.
Sorry about being shit the last hour trying to adjust my sleep schedule got really tired.
Grabbing coffee brb.
Logging in now.
Wait we are raiding tonight?
Since when?
Draken dying.
The draken dies today.
I've seen some shit yo.
Sound nasty.
I like it.
Oh god the amount of bugs.
Would it though?
Yeah, that would be the dream.
Please be right.
Sounds good to me.
They really got us.
Amirite?
The build problem is the primal matrix was all a joke they are dragging on until April first.
Pretty sure the personal and guild banks didn't switch and that's the problem with the build.
Either one.
Or the Maelstrom reset bug is back.
Yeah gadget bug causes all issues.
Obviously it's because of the gadget bug.
Build issue meaning they couldn't decide which side to put personal and guild banks on.
Didn't work.
Oh fuck.
Treets thats about as dumb an idea as asking pewdiepie to review wildstar.
Cuz that's how you get ads.
Glad to know their infrastructure is so sound though.
And she said it was a build delay.
Then i asked caydiem wtf.
We all laughed.
They said on the forums theybwere trying to fit another change in.
If you remeber.
Build issue happened last update too.
EZ way to save the game.
Ask google to buy the IP.
Gg great software engineering.
She said it's a build issue.
Like wtf.
Also that was much too civil a conversation, im bored.
She's literally a secretary.
Well i thought ck was being all flirty, then i saw the other discord.
Sounds stable.
Why would i capitalize it?
I can log in later if anyone needs to leave early.
Havent gotten an invite.
Don't try to wiggle your way out of this.
Raid is already formed.
He is held to a higher standard.
This will go against your attendance.
Power surged.
Rip.
Turning PC back on.
Couldnt remember any of the other characters.
Didnt care.
Guess you didn't know I'm actually black, but I was shooting for Martin Lawrence.
Uninformed stupid nazis.
These are the people trying to curb decision making.
These are the people on the forums.
Yea, we're WIld Hogs.
Also true, i get lost then angry.
He is just grumpier.
Is vulpes older than izu?
He needs help crossing the street.
Nah comeon we've had handholding.
What if we like the handholding part?
I think AYD has gone mad with Bad Cop power.
Just have faith in hardmode rmt.
It's not a surprise though CK.
We already talked about the players that benefit from this stupid fucking patch and he happens to be one of them, and his guild apparently.
This patch is going to give so much power creep that the casual players will be able to kill bosses in RMT.
The offical forums are so fucking juicy jesus christ.
Who is foul wind?
EU?
Who said that?
Wonder what stl is like?
Nothing says new like prime dungeons amirite?
This has already been discussed with my raid team in the guild.
The first team already skips ds unless it is water air.
The second team continues to farm ds, but when the primal matrix drops we will be focusing on prime dungeons and rmt instead of ds.
We may still run it for a chance at a pinky, but i do not personally have much left in me to continually run ds ad nauseum.
A great raid but i need something new.
No.
For not listening to anything I say ever because you're probably texting while everyone else is listening.
Or you could just go with the old nano virus regen build that was so op in its day.
If I have to repeat myself to hoedown one more time I'm going to strangle him.
Use heal pots,.
Just stop dying.
Why do you need healing?
That's also true.
I blame AYD's costume.
Shit healers amirite ayd?
Damn vulpes.
So many times.
To be fair ayd, how many times did you die last night?
Terrible mitigation and not enough raid buffs.
Kappa.
On forums.
There is someone crying about engy tanks in pvp right now.
Stalker tanks are bad right now.
Their tears sustain me just as well as others.
I dont discriminate.
Isn't that an exile only thing.
Matrix banter is boring, ping me when people start crying over how underpowered stalker tanks are.
Vulpes it was when caydiem was talkin about the matrx on low levels.
Just joined and was promised cancer, all i got was more CK rambling.
Oh wait.
I would check on the reddit discord but I don't play this game anymore.
Well I just joined it.
Bring on the cancer.
This shit is insane.
You guys in reddit discord.
Down boat syndrome.
Are you down boat?
Down boat.
Is that down boat or sinking ship?
Pic says otherwise.
Im my own man.
Treets pick an avatar and stick with it you clown.
Why not make it one that id easily divisible.
Better number to work with when they add more nodes.
CK didnt you quit?
Ill give you an example of a small chnage that is dumb.
There is so much i dont like about the matrix.
So DW you'll probably win.
I win.
If I can gold skullcano before you kill Mordecai hardmode.
The race will he enigma killing rmt hm vs filthy casuals killing ohmna.
Lots more changes.
As few changes as the previous week lel.
The fact that matrix is a thing completely destroys the idea of hardmodes.
You cant properly turn hardmodes with matrix.
True outside of lineage.
They dont make games so much as finance them.
Well NCsoft just buys games for the most part.
They've used the same engine on all those recent games.
Outside of the new lineage game that's still in alpha I'm pretty sure.
Common practice thing.
Definitely believeable.
Yea they probably had some clause with a certain run time means they get the rights to the engine from the game.
Cause ncsoft hasn't made its own engine in years.
Waikting out contracts yopu think?
Waiting till they get engine rights.
Well regardless of this information i think your still ignorant by nature.
Just let me remain ignorant plz.
They just trying to keep hopes up till they pull the plug.
Lets be real.
There is no hardmodes.
That's why his internet always cuts out during avatus.
Ayd isn't very techy.
Wait, did you take that picture with your phone?
Rip wong.
How mature.
Jabbit game strong.
Grats you god damn miracle workers.
No ninja.
I call the dagger.
Tabard reserved.
I have key.
Scarlet monastery?
System mentors?
You only knew one.
So if one was being stolen and grabbed from mid.
It was great.
No one knew wtf they were doing it was absolute chaos.
Man I remember BGs while leveling at launch.
Eh, even at its best, pvp was alwasy kind of a joke.
Thats the only difference between pvp and pve realm.
If pvp is toggleable or if its always on.
Is that a serious question?
They are just pve servers.
They arent hybrid.
One sec i got a great post.
Is he implying that pvp still happens.
Ah yes.
Great list of credentials you got there.
If you oom from using soothe you probably shouldn't heal.
Pretty sure mini stabber is hoedown.
O this was mentioned disregard.
Didn't ministabber vehemently defend the game like a couple of months ago.
But yeah, I don't think there will ever be an answer to my question.
I figured it was worth a shot at least asking.
The real hero.
Pappy is killing CRB.
RMT hardmode is killing CRB.
Pirates, RMT.
Ship idiom.
All hands on deck.
Lmfao CK.
Hope you like dungeons.
A lot.
It's pappyforge time.
So they won't develop it.
And when the guilds that are capable quit, they won't have to hear anyone bitch about it.
They're never going to communicate their plans for HM until all the guilds capable of killing anything in HM quits.
You can see he tried to butter her up so she would answer.
Lmao Kinda pls.
Ive tried, its futile.
She is a seceratary.
Like caydiem would know or tell.
Look at dis.
I also got a good chuckle last night from kindanice.
Ill climax.
If esper converts.
I creamed myself when she converted.
I think everyone comes around to carbine hate eventually.
Now resents them.
Always supporting them and their decisions.
She has been totally turned.
Yeah, ministabber was so pro CRB.
If you go through her posts.
Its funny too.
It would be the longest con ever if ministabber was my alt account.
Fucking pleb.
FAKE NEWS.
Sit down Vulpes.
Told you idiot.
Is ministabber your alt account?
On what?
It's not CK.
Coincidence ?
And CK has been around for a long time too.
Yeah, I thought so too Wong.
I've seen ministabber for a long time on forums.
Someone I could've swore used to be a fervent supporter of carbine.
I assume all those kind of posts are just CK's alt accounts.
Lol, who is ministabber?
Lmao they deleted it.
AYD got bamboozled.
Nah.
I just talked to  Baelix I'm joining as the new tank.
Because you bamboozle AYD.
You should fix that.
But the problem is that you were never there with that DS progression that was led by the ho.
Oh, that doesn't sound so worthless then.
That weren't led by the ho.
I've done some Pug GAs.
I can deny it.
You cant deny that you were the worst raid leader hoedown.
Worse then electrodrill if we're being honest.
Shit spell, unneeded imo.
Ill talk about black hole being useless.
Complain about unsteady miasma a bunch you mean.
Just talk about unsteady miasma a bunch.
Except you'd also have to pretend to know how to theorycraft engineer to keep up the ruse.
This is true.
Just say you got a new mic they wont question it.
O I CAN DO THAT JUST YOU WAIT.
You can have mine.
Send me your mic so they dont notice.
Aka be terrible at slinger.
And pretend to be me.
It's a trap.
The catch is you have to raid with AYD all the time.
Yep that's the two I was counting.
Sore do you want my account?
Ah fair.
Your pink and billies.
Well Ser isn't terrible.
GOT EM.
You have wasted two already.
Go waste another pink Vulpes.
Well you sure as hell cant tank.
LOL BILLY.
The yips maybe.
Im gonna bet irl he has the downs.
AYD can lead a raid otherwise he's a useless leave soaking turd.
Next to him is hoedown.
He is the worst raid leader i ever seen.
That's a good start.
I blame AYD for this mess.
No I prefer trans.
ARE YOU NOT INTO TRAINS?
Useless fucks.
This thread is not entertaining.
Are You Down?
Wtf does AYD means.
Why is AYD like this.
Moonguard is just a orgy outside of SW.
Nah, immersion is keyu.
Thats some RP right there.
Just go to moonguard in wow.
If youre gonna RP play DND or just RP.
The problem with RP in mmos is you are severely restricted by the game engine, its pointless to even try.
Yes you are.
How about crowfall its a mixture of a mmo and a strategy game.
Dual wielding dildos.
Dildos and dildos.
With their ERP guild duh.
HOW DOES THIS HELP AT ALL.
But rp people in mmos.
Im all down for a good game of dungeons and dragons.
IT'S CANON.
DON'T WORRY GUYS.
WE CAN HAVE OUR SKEECH ORGY.
God do you fucking blow dick.
HELPS WITH WHAT.
You have to please everyone serule.
Rp people.
They guy was like.
OK thanks it helps a lot.
What a legend.
Pappy answered lul.
Was in and out.
In the stream didn't you see?
Someone asked how skeech reproduce, normally or if they're made.
Didnt see.
On twitch.
Seriously WTF was that skeech question.
Same as other furries.
By spreading cancer.
How do chua reproduce.
How do skeech reproduce.
Also how does the strain spread.
Tell me lore wise, when will we defeat the entity.
How many hotkeys do you need to play.
Tell me more.
How many raids are in Wildstar.
Can you just give me the epoch time please.
Holy shit.
Wtf are timezones?
What is ds?
It'll be after DS.
Till then imma jaket.
Lmk when this golf game is going down and ill hop on.
Our real guild starts.
After Laveka.
Are we now a golf with friends raiding guild?
Will download to my gameshark.
Turn collision off and I'd never lose.
Brb looking up cheat codes now.
The only time I don't win.
Ill cancel my wow subscription.
If AYD wins golf.
I dont mind free stuff.
I'll be your sugardaddy.
Im pro.
But trust.
I'll gift it.
I have to buy it though.
Are you coming CK.
I'm going to play golf tonight.
And QQ.
But he is gonna get last place.
Ayd come hang out and play golf.
He did it without full amps and runes, the madman!
No skills.
Avatus lol.
Before rmt came out.
Killed avatus tho.
Who sucked at wildstar and love casual things.
Makes sense.
AYD IS MAD.
Opened a box and got a BiS PvE legendary.
After finishing a battleground.
I know.
I watched my brother get a legendary from a PvP reward.
People dont have stuff to do.
It's really bad.
He is lying.
I hate whoever invented that concept.
No its not.
World quest.
It's bad.
Getting legendaries from daily quests.
He wants vanilla wow back.
Aside from how casual it is?
What else do you have agaisnt it?
Youd play.
All tele.
So no more tab target.
But I can't do tab target.
No, they'd need to fix the combat system entirely.
I'm not saying wildstar's combat system is perfect.
Youd play?
If wow removed tab targeting for telegraph.
Wildstar thought they were a wow killer.
Let me axe you dis.
The WoW killer.
You can fly.
Wings yo.
Whats the game about?
I'd rather play aion.
That's how bad WoW is.
Close them?
We open rifts.
Forscience is now a rift guild.
I'd rather play Rift.
You can swap genres.
Brood war sucks.
Anything is  a step above WoW.
Ayd is triggered.
Its just a step above.
Wildstar combat is boring too and you know it.
And it was still better than playing WoW.
It's funny, because those were all a thing.
Oh shit you're right.
THIS IS A SQUARE.
ESPERS HAVE A CIRCLE THEY CANT MOVE OUT OF.
In WoW you can't most and cast at all unless it's instacast.
Wtf is this, Esper.
And cast.
You could move in a small circle.
Technically you could still move and cast inside of the square.
WATCH YOUR CORNERS!
AND ITS A SQUARE.
THE BUFF IS RIGHT HURR.
NOBODY MOVE.
LOL SURGICAL.
And only recently did they remove sugical.
Revelation online?
I think narrowing down to mmos with real combat systems is a better idea.
We already determined the pixels were not correct.
What a legend.
And ill praise you.
Show me a picture.
That you suck at.
More golf with friends.
More gym time.
I'll just invest my time into RL I guess.
FeelsBadMan.
There isn't another MMO I would play.
AYD IS JUST MAD THAT WILDSTAR IS DYING AND NOW HE HAS TO FIND ANOTHER MMO TO PLAY.
Greater pyroblast.
The best pvp talent ever is.
Is a pvp talent.
Power word fortitude.
But few and not significant.
There are buffs.
So buff uptime isn't a thing in WoW.
There's no buffs anymore.
But several classes cover them.
No more buff.
Its homogenized mostly, there are a few buffs.
Not fun to play, at all.
It's just fucking terrible.
Single jump.
Stand still to cast.
It's how slow the combat is.
It's not just tab target systems though.
And eye beam.
Tab target systems are just outdated and boring.
So we're just going to be a raid full of DH DPS and fuck everything else?
Just use chaos strike.
Which is fucking sad that one class has fun combat.
You say play a DH because it makes the combat almost not boring.
Play a DH, other classes are shit.
So meh.
The rest is just the same shit as every other expansion.
At least in previous expansions getting legendaries means something.
Now it's just RNG.
It's garbage.
I love what they did with mythic dungeons.
That was a great idea.
My brother still plays it.
I know all about this expansion Dairy.
It's just fucking boring to play.
Combat wise.
I bought the expansion and tried it.
It's bad.
That's my opinion.
Why people are complaining.
I can tell you right now.
Legion isnt bad.
Vanilla wasn't good.
It was original.
People were bad at the game.
Addons sucked.
After playing a game with good combat, I will never say WoW was amazing.
I had alot of great times playing WoW.
Are a bunch of retarded scrubs.
And that people who play wow today.
You are the type of person that see vanilla and BC the greatest thing to ever happen.
Ok i see.
It's nostalgic.
Now people play it because it's all they know.
While wildstar might die.
The original super mario has more entertaining combat.
If wow has the most boring combat system in existence.
Wait ayd.
And all the expansions.
I can teach you how not to be a shitter.
Vulpes buy me the game.
Because you will fall asleep before you finish grinding out a single level with the most boring combat system in existence.
Which is like the worst thing to do in the world.
You can't buy max level.
What class are you going to max level.
Vulpes, I'm going to buy a max level character in WoW and have you teach me everything about how not to be a massive shitter.
I'm going to become a salt shaker while I watch this game die.
I'm channeling my inner CK.
Ayd stop being salt, i told you i'd help you level your shaman.
U rite.
People cant handle that these days.
Stop bringing up logic.
You have to pay the troll toll.
You fucking sheep.
Talking about WoW being a viable game for when this one dies.
Obviously you.
Is that a serious question?
Which one is the troll?
Don't feed the trolls.
Two years later.
They did.
If they launched it on steam.
You know what would save this game?
Nah ncsoft is waiting so they can get engine rights.
Stalker is shit until GA set.
And see what happens.
Just let EA buy this game.
Stalker is a dead class so cant pick that.
Right?
I thought the steam was going to be longer too.
Make the stream more exciting.
Warrior or stalker.
Should had gone tank esper.
Yeh that was strange.
I know right.
Why would he pick engi to stream, actually one of the most boring classes to level.
People are asking retarded questions in chat.
I know its poor form to laugh at your own jokes but i fucking had a fit on the train and it was really embarrassing.
Dude i was on my way home on the train when i did my last message about being disabled and having limited fingers.
Ck i love you.
Da fuck you say?
I did nazi that cumming.
Ck twitch name is CKJester.
Look at that.
You guys are mean.
Like come on dawg.
Yeah but he pulseblasts once.
You have to use pulse blast nad hate your life.
Gg no re.
Ayd got bamboozle.
Congo is really bad at engi go teach him.
Wat a jerk.
But didnt read the ginvite.
He read my first circle.
Also the lore questions.
He mentioned it aloud lool.
WHICH ONE OF YOU IS PAPPY.
HE KNOWS.
He instadeclined that one.
Sometimes he reads them.
WOW HE DECLINED.
Only if you invite kdm.
Do you think fraya would yell at me if i invited pappy to the guild.
Zybak is the best player to grace wildstar.
No Kappa.
Their original leader.
Kappa.
OH GOD THEYRE FIGURING IT OUT.
He was in enigma.
I just did freeckjester.
I know he is a youtuber.
And invite them.
Who is zybak?
And invite him.
Someone make a circle called Zybak did nothing wrong.
Seemed like alot of effort though.
Just run around and kill everything before he can.
I thought about that earlier.
Just stalk him, he's doing open world questing.
I am sad now.
Pappy didnt accept my circle invite.
Now it's.
I mean it was actually kind of good at first.
Never mind the ruse is up.
Im on it coach.
O wait are we trolling the stream.
People are answering his questions thinking he's sincere.
He's such a fucking troll lol.
I'd honestly rather continue to do RMT with a broken matrix system and utterly terrible developer than play a game who's combat system literally puts me to sleep.
What's the point in playing a game you find boring though?
Just because a game constantly polishes it's turd doesn't mean it isn't shit.
There is alot of value to having consistently new and engaging content drops, despite potentially having a subpar combat system.
The combat in other games is worse than wildstar, but its not so bad that the other draws to the game should be discredited.
Progression is about using the tools available, including class comp, specs, buff builds, strats, and also including the combat system.
Like yay we beat the boss it was completely boring.
Whats the point in progression raiding if youre playing farmville?
For me, quality and supported progression content is more important than the combat system.
Tera and BnS may have great combat, but i dont see any point investing time if you cant utilize the combat at end game.
Fortunately wildstar was the best of both worlds, and unfortunately CRB has utterly ruined the game.
So I didn't mind it when I tried it.
Its like slightly better Skyrim combat.
I've only played ESO a bit but its a good game.
The combat takes some getting used to but it works.
The only problems i have with the game are the class system and lack of depth of end game content.
Rev Online is just typical asian mmo grindfest.
Truely action combat.
I've tried both, and have no intention of playing either again, especially since I haven't heard anything fun about their endgames.
Oshit srry ck.
You cretin.
You shut your god damn mind.
And i've also heard the opposite, just trying to keep an open mind considering i havent played either.
Both are bad, and don't have much in the way of raiding content from my understanding.
I suppose the other action combat alternatives are Tera and Rev Online.
I dont know much about either and people seem to have polarized opinions about them.
Fine, completed almost all current raiding content, and have low expectation of seeing any more content released in the future.
At least, action mmos that have raids.
Problem is, I intend to continue doing progression raiding, so those are the only choices.
Yea, tab targetting is no longer acceptable for me.
Any level of target locking or tab targeting or sluggish combat or lack of movement just makes it feel like playing in molasses.
Any mmo without a fully fledged action combat system is unplayable after wildstar for me unfortunately.
One of the two main healers has a family get together?
Guess we aren't raiding this weekend.
Noshows or people quitting is a hell or a lot worse though.
True, but easier if you make the group.
From what ive read.
Become a prostitute.
Ughhh I want to get into wow but the sub kills me since I'm at uni.
Slower paced, so the more buttons doesn't really matter.
Havent looked at any of them.
Too many buttons.
I cant press them all!
Yeah, tomb of sargeras.
Several options.
Feels good to be sifted to the top by process of elimination.
Rather coast my way to the top like in wildstar.
And thats too much effort.
I wish there was a good one out but there really is only wow.
Or mmos in general.
Or just dont play asian mmos.
Good, lets play where loli's roam rampantly throughout the land.
Hardmode is on hold and theres doubt that it will ever he released, not to mention the next raid tier will never see development.
I cant find a reason to continue investing time in this game.
I'd rather start over on a stable game that has a future.
Some things are too simple to fuck up treets.
Even for carbine.
I'm surprised that matrix dungeons aren't broken to shit with bugs.
This is carbine you're talking about.
So idk what carbine is gonna do lol.
I mean without enigma there are no beta testers for raids.
Wed spend more time ptr testing than actually enjoying the progression too.
Im not grinding.
If it does.
If it doesnt itll be a joke.
But if hardmode comes out itll either require matrix dps or not.
Told fraya when i quit i would be tenative on hardmode release.
Even if hardmode comes idk if ill return.
I think that applies to a lot of us in this guild, as much as it sucks.
Though CRB hasn't really given us an option.
After killing  Laveka and nothing else on the horizon for raiders, there really isn't anything to stay for.
Can you add his face over jay wilson saying fuck that loser to TT?
Is vulpes quitting after laveka?
Everyone who were going to quit who have already cleared rmt have quit.
Guilds have invested way too much time and resources into progression to quit before a full clear.
I think we'll see stepwise population drops as guilds kill laveka.
They wont quit.
Go back to raid logging.
And then they what?
Until they get tired of grinding two weeks later.
I think the people who were going to quit have already quit.
Everyone else will stay tbh.
Why does WildStar always attract the weirdest people.
How do they ever get by without you?
Someone at Carbine fucked up their scheduled tweet's AM and PM.
Game won't last that long don't worry.
So is their plan to save prime SC and SSM for future content?
Or do they assume everyone will just get bored with the whole idea after prime STL and KV?
Can't.
Divine intervention would come in the form of generous smiting.
I only go on the PTR to test gear and rotations.
Then you change it.
You do a good name to get in.
They only are starting out with prime versions for STL, KV, and the new dungeon?
What the duck.
Is it that hard to do multiplication?
Cause its the opposite.
Free namechange from name reports.
Or Pappy BitchAssNigga.
Suicide Pact.
Change to.
How much does a name change cost.
In my experience, every time someone does that, they become GM.
Give me one and I'm down.
I need a creative name.
It's CRB, I doubt they know about the ability to coup a guild.
But all other shit would be like taking candy from a baby.
Coup would be hard.
It would be easy.
We can try it.
And they get upset.
You boot all the other people.
Not if we coup.
One will be gm.
No just boot CRB.
And boot everyone.
Thats why we need to join en masse.
But we can become officers.
And that.
Can be disabled.
It would be hard cause other randos will be there.
And everyone needs to vote.
You need all officers to vote.
But idk if itll work.
I totally forgot you could do that.
Holy shit.
Ill vote for you.
Lets coup, join the guild, then vote for GM change.
And be prepared to infiltrate.
So make an exile character.
And they are making a guild.
Which guild is this?
And be on the stream all day.
I was thinking of making an alt named suicide pact and infiltrating pappy's guild.
Wow the population is gonna double.
Let's get the folks who just joined to take our places.
Someone didn't like my post so they made another lol.
So what flavor koolaid do yall want?
More like totell you what you can and cannot do.
Each Prime difficulty is assigned a recommended Heroism Rating to give you a sense of suggested character power relative to the difficulty of the content.
But prayed agaisnt.
Assuming this means we should expect the patch next week.
Are the stat conversion curves visible on that sheet?
Keep it in your pant hoedown.
Are you ready for starmap progression again!
What you play?
Fir WM.
Forget playing it, write a program to play it for you instead.
R I p.
Starcraft is dead.
I cant play this.
Look at the graphics.
Im going to murder you.
I dont see how broodwar is the best.
Must be a whitey.
Ill play starcraft instead.
If i want to be competitive.
Like to paint.
Would not invest unless you have a close and active war gaming shop.
So you save more.
Some lists have same jacks and beasts for casters.
Also depends on army.
You need so skew lists most likely so you looking a doubling down some units.
You want to be real competitive.
Local game shops and casual play.
Depends on how far you want to go.
How much.
But its super expensive.
Much more balanced.
We've been trying to, by quitting the game.
And not the devs.
Somehow save wildstar.
We as the players.
What if.
What if it's wildstar?
Treets, make a joke like that again and I'll destroy your most cherished childhood object.
Revelation online looks promising.
Moar vidyagaemz.
Could always get a new hobby.
Everything sucks basically.
Oh wait.
OK, what game do we play next.
Its not important.
Doesnt matter.
The dmg inc is insane.
Idk why people care about it more than the dmg increase.
The health is nothing to worry about.
Pvp has always been a shitshow.
The only complain you can have is the primal matrix and increasing the health.
At least we getting some new abilites.
Rip tt.
They killed the ears.
Remember the quote they says at the end of the wildstar's video.
But what happen to the devs then and now.
Quiting is easy.
If you can find a new game.
Keep playing.
And its not because game is bad there is just another game to replace the time sink.
Yall still gonna play the game.
And why does it matter if they are letting the garbage that is on the PTR go live.
Fool me twice.
Fool me once shame on me.
Youve seen what theyve done.
You new to wildstar man.
How are they seriously considering letting the garbage that is on the PTR go live?
No poe is the important game here.
Or we still talking about wildstar?
To bad GGG didn't fix double dipping this patch.
Careful, talk like that and they'll double dip us.
The main part is just a normal fucking not a real ruff one.
Well maybe depending on your pref.
No anal either.
Still has room for sloppy seconds fucked, then.
I vaguely remember a caydiem post about no update this week but I can't find it.
Maybe it was deleted.
Not all the way fucked.
Mostly fucked.
But atleast we have a double xp weekend to ease our sorrows.
And since they release stuff on wednesdays its the last wednesday.
Tbf they said release in febuary.
You're joking CK.
How fucked are we?
Release is tomorrow.
Except the Loot tab.
That query stuff makes it a lagfest spectacular.
I hope y'all are glad our sheets look neat and shit.
Ive never seen circles so bad lol.
Can we all appreciate scootys really good starmap art on the sheet sil linked.
Or eldan gaunts.
Had any asked if pinks are getting a chance at upgrade like other items?
That's all?
Yeah we actually cleared hardmode.
You all kill Laveka last night?
Next to the garbage can.
I voted for you for crit shield freak.
Then we have the funeral.
What if we dont respect him.
Press F to pay respects.
Rip hoedown ill be at your funeral bb.
Rip hoebro.
Im ready.
Put me in coach.
That looks bad.
He said.
I was just talking to seven.
Ffs net just went down.
Looteka is easy though.
To show what people are about to get into.
Im trying to help.
Why you gotta rub it in like that.
I was ingame.
What a legend.
Is the charger even plugged in the outlet.
Is your monitor on.
Is the laptop charged.
I'll be on asap.
Dammit guys not helping.
Didnt you ever read the back of the cartridge?
Are you sure the mouse is plugged in.
Flick the power button on and off.
Try blowing on the cartridge and then hitting it really hard after you put it in.
Did you make sure the internet is working?
Use the good computer.
Did you try turning it off and on again.
Computer troubles.
Not booting.
You also stay far away from blackhole because it gives healers more distance that they can move without having to sprint, which means more healing output.
Who is Ordo?
If anyone cares.
Ordo first avatus kill.
Or will increase damage taken in hardmode.
Maybe a mechanic the removed.
Wonder why it has stacks.
So it really just signifies the effect of pulling you in.
As far as im aware the debuff has zero effect on how much damage you take from it.
Every time it sucks you in it does damage, aswell as when things hit the black hole it does damage just like it did in the regular phase.
So the damage going out is just from things getting sucked in.
The debug doesn't add to it?
Its called growing singularity, but it doesnt have a tooltip it just exists.
It doesnt have a tooltip.
Do you know what it says?
And the last debuff kinda just exists doesn't do much.
After the black hole hits low health you can just stand inside it fun fact.
Sparkly pony would actually be better for conteracting the not so bad pull in since you are locked into the set animation for so long xD.
Sparkle pony.
And billy will extracate you off hte edge.
Wtb medium armor.
Yeah, I agree Tenshu.
Soft taunts would be beneficial, but with a healer in the right spot it's very easy to survive anyways.
It felt similar to swabbie pull.
If i sprinted backwards or dodge rolled backwards i could gain ground.
Not that bad at all tbh.
Well my hole point was to make it easier to live if we could soft taunt.
And damage taken as well.
Yeah theres no reason for anyone to really  be  near it   becuase  the amount of damage we do  in that short time is so small anyway.
Vermana, how bad was the pull in for how close you were to it?
Again, it all comes down to risk vs.
Reward.
All this is irrelevant, just have poly heal me and were good.
Thanks Lore.
Thanks for mentioning debris fields too.
Ah right, forgot about the fields still going around.
Big congrats on the Nav Core kill btw.
I wish my logs worked as that might help show if distance to blackhole corralates to damage taken, or how much pull in there is but considering vermana was near it shooting it, the pull in must be less the closer you are.
If you are going to attempt to keep people alive during the phase it requires stacking.
There's nothing to gain from splitting the raid though.
Its easy to not get sucked in   but  trying to hit it as melee is stupid.
Go down towards the hole for soft taunt then move back to the stack.
Well if we ever tried that, I would just say all melee south, all tanks and healers north.
Tanks stay about half way between the hole and edge.
It's also easier to go to a stack point than trying to group up while not getting sucked in.
Yeah, was just wondering.
Wasn't sure how hard it pulled you in since I was dead.
That's pretty high risk for medicre reward, considering the damage is easily healed through.
Assuming you can stand close enough to soft taunt without risking dying.
That's what I mean though, it's very managable and easy to deal with and the burst pull is a cast you can counter act.
Would it be hard to soft taunt it without dying to lower damage going out?
If you stand close you risk dying to it.
Oh, well that's simple then.
The black hole is constantly pulling the raid into it.
He's talking about after the sun has died once.
My comments have nothing to do with placing black holes.
Okay, so the reason we place the black holes on the sun is.
I don't suppose vermana or poly noticed how many stacks of that debuff they had.
I've questioned this myself, it's safer to be away from it to avoid getting sucked in and dieing due to that but at the same time it's very managable and easy to deal with, which is why I wondered what the last debuff that went out on players was.
Or do you take less dmg the further out you are when asteroids hit the black hole.
Why do tanks run to the edge with the healers.
I understand trying to keep them up but can the tanks soft taunt the big black hole to lessen dmg going out.
No, at the very end.
When tanks are trying to live during the huge black hole phase.
Your question confuses me.
Are you asking why we place the black holes on the edge?
So question, do tanks take less damage from asteriods hitting the blackhole the further out they are?
Or whats the reason for them to go to the edge?
Is it possible to soft taunt the blackhole to lower the damage going out?
I'm telling the cops you're buying upboats.
Upboats pls.
Thanks Treets.
Grats guys.
Please i was still alive because poly is such a great pocket healer.
Needs Poly a million miles away healing someone who's already dead while the tanks are dieing.
Where is the reddit post and MS paint masterpiece?
Gg izi pizi.
All eu guilds are ot of the running.
Race for World Last.
Race for last viable guild to kill Laveka?
The race is real.
Grats, guys!
Shirtless costume to be a boss.
An blue makez ya lucky.
Yellow iz for bigga crits.
Red iz ta go fast.
JUNAH IS PLEASED.
I CAN QUIT HAPPY NOW.
I HAVE BEEN HUNTING THEM SINCE LAUNCH.
I GOT PELL WAR HORNS.
Red costumes deal more damage.
Blue costumes protect you from a heat debuff.
Green costumes give you more healing.
I was wearing the strain headmask, so yes.
Did everyone have eye protection?
That helps cut down on the healing.
Oh yeah thats important.
During the hold.
We killed it on the pull I added eye protection to my costume.
Codex,enigma,utopia,dnp,cupcakes,bloodpact,tfp,for science.
BRING IT WAGINS.
Grats nerds is race time.
Grats friends!
WE FUCKING DID IT REDDIT.
KILLING STARMAP SLOW.
MAKING MY WAY DOWNTOWN.
I believe.
Gl on hm.
Oh ok thanks for clarification.
HE'S NOT BLACK, VULPES.
What do you mean.
What do you mean that kind?
He's not that tall.
No, not that kind.
Michael jordan.
I think AYD sounds like a Jordan.
I thought exiles just did rp.
What exile guild.
My Exile guild is better than us apparently.
Yeah that's my dad.
Just like the one on king of the hill.
You sound like a dale.
Pretty sure it's Kevin you sound like a Kevin.
Either that or Kyle maybe Dashawn.
Yours now.
Shush Kevin.
Quiet Dale.
I mean mouth.
Straight from the horses ass.
Nothing has or is planning to be changed.
We only took availability to make sure our newer members were added to the roster appropriately.
Whats noneya business short for.
What's this nonsense of time changes?
This has yet to be officially mentioned afaik.
Noneyah buisness.
Whats your raid times now.
When your raid dies to a easy raid mechanic.
I think AYD is still a bunny.
Now if only i had exstacy.
Are we talking about AYD?
Teenage aurins for sale?
Savage though.
Human trafficing is quicker money.
Lots of jail time involved in that if caught though.
Although high volume of extacy is better money.
As well.
That works.
I just sell weed.
Good money for a college kid.
Plus had out of town gigs and a few festivals.
Bayoubilly legit dj turned illegitimate.
Paid for most of my college.
I used to be a legit DJ.
I mixed.
Did you mix or just append?
I took one of Vulpes's favorite songs and mixed every version of it I could find.
Lol.
Are we really gonna change raid times?
AYD is already a bunny we got him a suit and everything.
A small old pickle.
So how is everyone day.
An interjection that is a new form of woah.
An your mom is a fat elf.
She eats POOG.
I never said I was going to show you.
I said I can shwo you but.
I can't tell if you're trolling.
You still havent show me varynn.
Thanks.
Worked hard at burning the textbooks during I was the student.
I fucking love it when people say nice grammer.
Nice grammer.
No, shwo.
It's fashionable to fail to know how to type.
I do.
Plus i was never late to raid.
What am i.
Did you get there on time and not marked as late.
Yes mom.
Did you rune out everything.
I have maxed amps and ability.
How about you legendbear.
Are you sure?
Yea, and ga nad ds set too.
Do you have maxed amps and ability points?
I've got the amp.
To gain suit power when you do it.
Also stance dance isn't useful without the amp.
Become your build.
Master your build.
If you do it right.
It cycles every other.
My impale spams may just not be lasting long enough to get the higher numbers.
Right but keep doing it or just the one time?
And just once, if that's what you mean.
No just stance dance immediately, don't need to channel all the way.
Ohh kay so cripple, prep and stance dance until the prep cast is done then cripple cripple?
As an example.
Or cripple cripple prep stance dance cripple.
So you would cripple prep stance dance cripple criple.
Not sure what you mean by insert it in with cripple.
The main goals of stalker without rmt set is to not mess up priority rotation while maxing innate damage and full uptime on enabler.
People usually insert it in with cripple.
I could but I wouldn't know when I'd wanna do that.
Use prep, switch stance to tank and back?
Not entirely sure what all that entails.
Do you prep stance dance.
There isn't really a rotation.
Yea that doesn't seem to be working out for whatever reason.
Impale a lot.
Best rotation for a stalker dps without rmt set?
Make Aurin dead again.
Fucking aurin sympathizer.
You're not an aurin Volx.
You can't be offended.
The easy solution to Aurin is to burn their.
Oh wait, Chua already did that.
As long as it ain't aurin.
Wow how appropriate for a Dominion in this chat.
And this is why you are trash jc.
That sounds like scrubtalk.
Im scared of the dark.
Why the heck aren't you using dark theme.
Yup, hold to get a menu with an option to resend.
Did you try turning off your computer.
Maybe its your discord.
Sore pls.
BUT THAT OENS NOT.
Why u broke discord.
WHY IS THAT RED.
Yes the answer is always yes.
Are you down on your luck?
Do you have the downs?
Wow who is even who anymore, nothing is real.
That game was epic.
Which one is ayd in the picture.
Hungry for progression.
This is AYD when he is hungry.
Is that AYD?
Bottom fish is mvp.
Are you not pleased with the buff as fuck bunny pic.
Declawed kitten.
One that calls other people 'shitter'.
Micronecta scholtzi.
A gay fish.
Taxidermy?
Cuz ded.
Bunny, obviously.
Obviously a better bird than Serule.
A BUNNY.
My hairstyle!
My assumption was right.
Ck was kicked from enigma confirmed.
We all know fraya pressured him to quit cuz he was bringing us down.
Atleast thats the official statement.
Ck quit cuz he hates us.
And the truth comes out.
Im just gonna assume that you were kicked from enigma because you are that terrible at wildstar.
Im dead.
And are you still in it or did you leave.
Were you from enigma.
Seriously tho.
Rip in pieces.
So neither?
That question burns my soul.
Im just asking a question.
Ck were you from enigma or DNP.
Maine please.
Oh lord he's wearing the pandalynx costume.
He is wearing a panda suit.
Why tho?
Don't watch that stream it's god aids.
Also someone from enigma is streaming.
Ck was in enigma?
Strim ded tonight oh well.
Strim y u no.
Updating client now.
You're not my dad!
Yes master.
I do what i want.
Im most curious about the last question.
Do we get to see the results?
We progressed with fucking lord.
We had flipping sculti.
You also know very well both codex and enigma had roster issues even on normal launch.
Without getting paid.
You're essentially the game testers.
The issue is that guilds are testing for bugs instead of doing the content.
Wildstar raids are a disgrace to what progression raiding is.
I do.
Things tend to get lost in translation.
Do you know how much time codex and engima put into ptr?
Was barely one.
That last race.
Hardmode will not be a race.
I think text has caused a misunderstanding.
Did enigma actually take the race seriously?
Or just feel obligated to do so?
I bet people would have been online early as fuck trying to win still.
Shows that people obviously cared about it.
Even a single one.
Taking a day off work.
And some didnt even do that.
So laugh it up lol.
It's funny, but obviously Enigma cares about it.
The word race makes me laugh.
It's only a matter of time before the good players get tired of it and quit.
Why continue to carry people through farm content?
Really hard to watch.
It's fucking brutal.
Have you watched the stream when you guys can't get DNP players?
We fill with dnp players.
I mean, the quality of players they gained are better than what Enigma fills with now lol.
This feels like years ago.
You're thinking drow.
Before rip.
Voodoo killed octog.
They had those players.
Lawltas died before normal mode.
There was another too.
Lawlta's guild?
What guild died that they got players?
Their good players go elsewhere.
That's what happens when guilds die.
Yes they are.
They arent any more equipped then they were when normal mode was on ptr.
With people like Richard.
Enigma is hard modes right now.
Lol.
Right, which DNP is currently more equipped to do.
How is that relevent!
We were talking about testing hardmode.
Of course Enigma was better when they cared.
WELL THATS A WORTHLESS STATEMENT.
I said DNP is CURRENTLY better.
We will be worse than tco.
Oh that's all I said.
If you wait long enough.
I mean.
Im just saying what enigma is now is vastly different than what we were.
Im sure you guys are better.
Im not saying they arent better.
You left your guild high and dry.
Don't be offended.
Lol, CK is offended.
Cause hardmode is harder.
Not true.
They're still clearing RMT.
Is dnp better than enigma was when we were testing normal rmt?
To be fair, most guilds are better than engima atm.
Im sorry.
With people leaving the game in Enigma or not wanting to show up for raids.
You laugh, but DNP is better than Enigma currently.
Maybe DNP will do testing for them?
And also when you can spend time working on other content others want.
Since nobody else will care enough to do the testing.
I mean why make hardmode any time soon when no one has done normal.
Especially if Enigma quits before then.
That's an assumption, but you're probably not wrong.
Cause audience is smaller.
And the reason for developing hardmode.
And with the top guild leaving so does the testing ability of crb for hardmode.
I guess we'll finish normal mode and hope by that time we have some good news.
Right.
That was the announcement that made Codex leave the game.
No one is working on it.
Its postponed indefiniately while they work on other stuff such as primal matrix.
No i dont have the quote, would have to dig.
And melon.
Its basically just water.
Grape or no deal.
What flavor is the koolaid gonna be.
Im so excited.
This is all good news tho.
And cosemetic and shop leaks.
More complex shit and no reworks on bad shit.
No rmt hardmode.
No halon ring.
Such gems as.
And has all the latest caydiem info.
Its aids.
Theres a wildstar discord?
Caydiem said no.
I asked actually.
I need to invite him.
Pls no kick.
Congerofuck does.
She doesnt ban.
So i dont have to go to cancer wildstar discord for all the information.
Plz invite caydiem ayd omg.
If it keeps my raid spot.
In Virginia.
We know that's not true.
I tbagged you.
Lucky you aint got the balls?
Yeah, I've been kicking everyone that isn't affiliated with our guild in some way.
He didn't respond to my message.
As engi.
He ORIGNALLY tanked.
And healed.
And he DPSed.
He played multiple classes.
He was an engi tank right?
But that was private message.
I got a message from him the other night on discord.
NO idea.
Yeah, but why is he in our discord?
Hes a minimax based raider.
He took a break.
Hes from my old guild anathema.
Who is he?
I need more soundboard sound ideas.
Donald Trump is trying to rig this election.
I knew it all along.
No mutual servers either.
It's a russian spy.
DO IT.
No clue who it is, and didn't respond to my messages.
About to remove him from our discord.
I want a bot.
Wow wtf.
It's my summon, it only listens to me you shitter.
Confirmed bot is broken.
Killing starmap tonight right?
Nah it just ignores everyone else.
Your bots broke.
Ahhh the spat of a jealous lover comes out.
Whats important is you've never serenaded us with your voice and you did it for them.
Some things should be lost to time.
He's immune to taunt anyway.
It's very important.
Looks like the shades I use.
Is this fashion?
Is it us or just you he hates?
He hates us confirmed.
Patience is key.
Im too slow and socially inept to be a therapist.
Ck is a therapist he's just trying to help.
Seems unfair.
I dont believe he should be punished for having a disability.
Bayou i think you be a little too harsh on the mentally ill.
Also many with mental illness are able to realize they have one and act well enough to disguise it until they have a break.
I have family that work in mental health it's anything but a hard science.
By all means though continue on with that silly soft thinking that is representative of someone who has never experienced true horror.
You can't just say you have it.
You know there's tests for schizophrenia right?
Unless you're both a psycopath and a method actor who has been acting that role for years and years, that's unlikely to work.
Wew lad.
Screw that nonsense, what a dangerous president to set.
You murder someone you should be punished.
You can not prove someone is hearing voices therefore you can't prove they aren't either.
So make sure to murder in Canada then claim voices   told you.
Second part of the gif is the best part.
Bruce Banner.
MY FEELINGS.
So you're saying we should not go with the facts most of the time?
I dunno, I think that source is pretty strong evidence.
Gotta have those citations mang.
Not really.
So I'd rather go with an expert opinion over someone who knows nothing on the subject.
Just saying that mental health is insanely complex and difficult to understand.
Not saying they will.
Well someone with altzhiemers isnt going to kill someone.
Mental illnesses are no joke.
My mom deals with people who have dementia and altzhiemers.
That's because you dont have Schizophrenia.
Is gonna compell you to kill someone.
But i dont see how a voice.
Punishing someone for something they have no control over is stupid imo.
Im not trying to be an asshole.
He's a victim too.
Neither?
Get him therapy.
Makes no sense.
I would rather not punish.
Punish the motherfucker.
Or be like.
There is nothing we cant do.
But are you gonna be like.
I get what you're saying man it sucks.
I know.
There's good reason for it.
The justice system doesnt allow for victims to decide rulings.
If this was one of your family member that you love dearly.
Im just saying.
But Feels over reals amirite.
Im pretty sure you wouldnt be let go.
You cant murder someone and not get punish.
But again.
I agree.
Perscription meds arent covered by our healthcare system and he also didnt have a job im pretty sure.
So that's why he wasnt on it.
He couldnt afford it iirc.
Which there is.
Especially if there is medicine to help you.
But you should get punish if you murder someone for no fucking reason.
Its standable if you are mentally ill.
So its not like he's really free.
He's getting put into a mental hospital iirc.
It shouldnt matter if you plead insanity.
Was a big deal here.
Oh yea I remember that story.
Or is this a moral question?
Depends on lawyer.
Get proof of mental illness.
Plead inanity.
Or go to prison?
Should they be let go?
If someone is Schizophrenic.
The main question of the day is.
Finally, that issue was bugging me.
Eh, sure.
As if heroism was required before.
Way to make the gate even harder.
Healing is now scaled too.
Would be nice if there were some fun ones though.
Ah seems in line with the gear changes.
Random cd reduction.
The fuck does this even mean.
Also that's cool, some challenges can be pretty fun.
Well, hopefully I can someday give you the wonderful shpiel of medic dps.
Time to wipe on challenges.
Redmoon Terror.
Lol, figures.
Lol, still no patch notes?
Welcome to Florida.
So spending time ingame replaces working at a job.
Is its equivalent to real money.
The whole point of omnibits.
Why madyum fan coin instead of service tokens.
Soulfrost?
Animal skulls?
Or maydum fag coins.
I think it's Chits.
Or craftng vouchers.
Its protobucks.
They are like omnibits.
What is base pop.
What are elder gems.
Golf in housing.
That shit is already in the game.
I know what will save the game, guys.
Hear me out here.
A new minigame.
Make Wildstar Great Again.
Make elder gems great again.
Make Melee Esper Great Again.
Make melee great again.
Wat fight.
It had use.
It was never great.
Make Mirage Great Again.
So any new esper spells?
You are gonna die anyway.
Everybody should have cancer.
Thats like saying you cant complain about aids because you have cancer.
People are complaining stalkers have too many buttons still?
Have they played a warrior?
Pretty sure I had buffs.
Do a real parse on the dummy man.
Wtf are these numbers.
Of course theres no engi changes.
But I have no idea how to make it competitive.
Probably higher if I could figure out a rotation that didn't make me want to kill myself.
So I think they 'fixed' NI.
Or ennui.
Because you are hard to surprise?
Why am I not surprised.
No engy changes.
No slinger changes, still bugged.
Check utopia chat.
I wonder if they fixed NI.
PTR is up, still no patch notes though.
The mechari one is still awesome though.
They used those same Vday cards last year.
So late afternoon.
That Mechari one is pretty amazing.
The best posts are the ones with ketchup mechanic.
Probably delaying it so they can start thinking about damage control from not fixing anything people are bitching about.
Do they usually update the ptr later in the day or are they delaying the inevitable?
Looks can be deceiving?
Yeah sounds good.
I have a meeting around then, so how about later than that?
Oh, it looks like you're playing now.
Nah, I already know how, thanks.
You got it.
Next week ez pz.
Bunch of gods.
Send a dick pic.
When you were talking.
I think it was mostly people chattering at the same time.
New record today, at least.
Wipe it but dont wipe it.
AYD pls.
Omg you call your raiders researchers i love it.
Nothing matters.
Ill do gold dungeons.
Im down to help if you need an extra dps i guess.
Dungeons are poo but pinks are good so.
There probably will be.
Im down to go if theres a spot.
Also, anyone up for banging out gold dungeons in about an hour?
Not like there's a lot of choice when it comes to buying carries.
Seems to be the case.
Or somebody standing in the group without debuff and getting a pentakill.
Cuz a hell of a lot of people die to dumb crap like the maze.
Well we'd better let the person we're carrying know not to expect a one shot kill then.
Otherwise not enough people to soak undermines.
Also means we can't have a death in main group before the final push.
Carying people.
Since when did for science become enigma.
We really could afford it but it puts unneeded strain and really, why are people dieing anyways?
I betcha we don't get immortal but the buyer is still alive by the end.
Nobody can die early anymore, since we're carrying one person.
God knows.
Hopefully real quick XD.
Supposedly doing hardmentors first real quick.
You guys doing starmap tonight?
Says you wong.
You do know that doesn't exist, right?
But also yes, there is a trinket in the game that drops off laveka which can battle rez a random party member.
Part of the fight's mechanics.
You can battle res now?
STARMAP PROGRESSION.
I really fucking want another ruthless major.
Oh boo.
Hard Map and Star Mentors tonight?
Also RMTCore for stareater for circles around pools.
I just have both on all the time, they dont conflict.
Lui for rmt, raidcore for ds.
Are people using lui or raidcore nowadays?
Huh, raidcore updated.
Ya its supposed to be NCSofts HotS.
Has Mondo Zax as a playable character.
A game called Master X Master which is basically a moba.
Even more cancer.
And now the talent to make it work.
They could but Amazon is in a unique position.
They have the massive webservice platform and distribution network the others don't.
Then linux.
Then apple.
Next thing you know that microsoft is going to be making a game engine too.
I for one am ready to submit to our amazon overlords.
Star citizen switched to lumber yard.
Amazon is selling the whole package to developers.
Build host and distribute.
A one stop shop.
Why are trying hard?
Pretty sick game engine.
Yeah that's their engine.
Or is that someone else?
Amazon is developing lumber yard too arent they?
And it was a shitshow in the beginning.
God dam.
Yeah but that would not qualify as having major financial support.
You got crowfall.
Including their lead designer.
Sorry aren net.
Battle.net is blizzard.
Its really the only western MMO with major financial backing in development as far as I know.
They snached people from Battle.net Blizzard daybreak.
Amazon are making games now?
Amazon hired up alot of the best talent around.
Will be epic.
Just wiat for New World.
Then you got wildstar.
But completely lacks fun somehow.
Has lots of good features.
Yeah but that just isnt fun.
Then you got the elder scrolls online.
Well the problem was that they were putting ALOT into a free mmo.
Shame they shit the bed.
Id trade wildstar for it.
How it looked was very sexy.
EverQuest Next shouldnt had been canceled.
Dongnum BillyIsShit.
You should change your characters to Dongnum.
Wang maybe not so much wong.
I did my part to support you Crabine.
Dongnim is pretty sweet though.
To AYD WorstplayerNA.
He changed it again.
Lol dong.
Aydongnim Vulpdown sounds like a great name for someones dnd character.
But I screwed up on the second one and forgot an r.
Ah good idea.
I love it.
Pinks can be salvaged deleted and sold to vendor.
Can you even salvage a pink?
To ayd so he can salavage it.
Ser if they arent done by tomorrow we're ticketing your pink away.
I'll probably just grab some people either before or after raid tomorrow.
A group formed, then faded away into the mists after doing nothing.
Boots your avatar is still so disturbing.
They are a thing and sometimes they happen.
Gotta go fast.
My god.
Anyone know a good graphics card.
I can do it lads if you need someone.
Poke me if needed, pretty much whenever.
I could pencil some time in my schedule for golds.
I still need gold skullcano.
But i already made plans for today.
I wish i could.
Congrates on your pink ser.
Hey man cash is cash.
Nexus's primary lard exporter.
RICH is resources!
Fat planet.
Secret crb lore is that I am actually the leader of planet vulpes nyx.
If only we still had Volkan, we'd have Volkan Vulpes Volx and Vulpes on starmap.
As long as somebody does.
I'll make you proud, Pyro a shit.
Will do.
Kinda Trashed.
Kinda Smashed.
Kinda Inebriated.
Kinda Stoopid.
Kinda Hammered.
Kinda Drunk.
Kinda Adnik.
I have more ideas for toon names than the will to level characters.
In fact that's my next toon.
Best name i've ever been called.
I see u.
You mean.
Not so far from doing bird calls.
Fucking hell.
I hope y'all appreciate we're not as cringey as these guys.
Grats xe.
I got it.
Warrior wongnim summons.
SERULE!
YOU GOTTA PING EVERYONE FOR IT.
I panicked because I took so long to load.
EVERYONE NEEDS TO WATCH THAT.
And what, since when?
Now i need to check myself.
God damn it.
It says one time though, it's weird.
Has it?
That option has been there for a long time.
You fool.
Good thing they didnt mention it though.
Well thats odd.
Because lol who creates characters on PTR.
New thing I noticed in character creation.
Try harder.
On my iPhone?
Weird I see last weeks.
Is the schedule updated?
Also vague forum reply is vague.
A lame joke about me, or a joke lame enough that I would make it?
Ahhh, yes.
Back when I actually had some idea of what I was doing.
Those were some good times.
Man, I wish QC was cool again, that was the best medic rotation ever.
Now its just with bird instead of storm.
Yeah but it's even more now than it was.
Well, hasn't it always been that way though?
Esper is pretty faceroll.
Hit things on cooldown whackamole.
That's what everyone is saying about almost everything in the next patch.
Everyone but like one guy that has CTS hates it.
I hope they revert the changes idk what they have in mind.
Thing will be different.
But next patch.
With NI it might be.
I guess they're the last class left to the party.
I dunno, warriors aren't very faceroll.
But i think every class is faceroll so.
I mean i think esper is more faceroll.
Looks like warriors and espers are left out.
Medic NI.
Engi RMT set.
Actually, how many classes will have potato builds next patch?
Yeah somewhat.
The thing is potato builds will always work better in a more complex fight.
We had a tourney in the Protostar Training Course once.
We should do it again sometime.
I don't mind potato builds but they should not compete with more complex builds.
At least other potato builds have open LAS slots.
NI is potato medic.
There was a fancy runway and everything.
But yeah, at least half the time you'd just be discharging.
I could see that being not garbage.
Since when could you stack it?
Doubling would be playing conservatively.
Knowing how CRB is bound to screw it up.
If you want to theoretically test it.
Just double any numbers you are getting now.
And that is theoretically what it should be doing.
That makes sense.
Oh lol.
Not worth testing anything.
So yeah.
But the system CAN BE better.
Nobody said the system was perfect.
How do you have so much backlash about hp nodes and then not change them or speak to them?
And failed.
World of warcraft did it.
Housing is content.
Can confirm.
Are you sure?
HOUSING IS CONTENT.
BECAUSE THERE IS NOT CONTENT.
When people only come to wildstar for housing and not content.
If we don't have exquisite locations to host them.
Or transition to another game and start investing our time into a game thats not on borrowed time?
How else are we going to hold fashion shows.
Furries rp?
And housing.
You mean costume guild?
Transform into rp guild where the points dont matter!
So let's finish the content first and then worry about it.
The HP from the matrix won't have any influence on our progression for a very long time.
It's going to take months for people to grind a full matrix.
Maybe longer.
You can quit right now.
I cant wait to quit.
Makes sense, since they didn't actually fix a single thing.
Was told that the issue yesterday was a build issue and NOT them trying to stuff more shit it.
LOL, sike.
Im going to switch mains to my exile slinger because of the better hair style.
Brb, removing all invite privileges.
Pm hoedown for exile invites.
But what about my other slinger?
Vulpes, your slinger is already in the guild.
Can you invite my slinger to the guild?
SO WHY SAY NO TO ME HUH.
Guilties obviously.
Dont be racist man.
And volx.
And my beautiful aurin.
Except dainjre.
No exiles allowed.
There is no Autumn anymore.
THIS JUST HAPPEN TO ME.
Shit was on reddit and discord like a week ago.
Did yoy just get that new by raven?
Lets change the drop chance.
Not going to chnage thr upgrade chance.
Too rng.
The solution to RNG upgrades on RNG drops in raids is to add more RNG drops.
Does that mean more loot per boss?
Going to actually have to test the new drop rates for Redmoon though.
So they delayed the update and changed gear drop rate of RMT?
RIP, why the delay then.
Like no changes.
PTR is up, no engineer changes, quickly lost interest until they post patch notes.
And apparently to also give people one more venue to ping me.
I have no idea what's going in here anymore.
Original PPG?
I approve.
Serule I love you.
This scandal rocked me to my core.
A new challenger approaches!
CROSS SERVER COMMUNICATION.
And yeah I shopped a big red arrow in there.
Can't imagine what else.
I'm gonna guess that might've happened if you stood where two spawned at once and grabbed both at the same time.
What happened after youj grabbed the next one?
Looks 'shopped.
Fucking crashed.
In memory of my medic attempting to extracate wong.
For meats.
I'll get to the bottom of this.
You're lucky Discord audit logs are not released yet.
What post?
No fair you deleted your post.
Pics or it didn't happen.
They're delaying ptr update until tomorrow.
GDI, I was ready to be salty.
Its been very effective so far.
Whenever TA is up i just have a giant TA symbol appear in my screen so thats all i can see.
You have to increase your epeen somehow!
You are last in dps.
If you roll.
But wait, sometimes you gotta roll, its super complicated.
Dont engineers only use one button and get top dps?
Because engineer is so incredibly complex than you need all that shit on yoru screen.
So much redundant and unnecessary information, what the fuck.
Funny how engineer has an ability named obstruct vision.
I'd like to know what the side bars are.
Best ui i evar seen.
This one?
I have base forge all abilities at the bottom the only modifications are enemy cast bar and rebuffs made larger.
It's still pretty bad.
Actually if you watch the video it's not that bad.
Wow that Reddit post ui is maybe the worst thing I have ever seen.
I use opti but I kind of wish it had better performance.
Since that mechanic is the only annoying one for healing.
Tbh it comes doen to heal absorb.
Opti is just as good as forge in my experince.
Not really.
My current setup hides full HP health bars and has a cleanse warning, that's really it.
Optiplates for name, definitely best for healers.
Forge is better than base.
It hasn't been updated in ages, but it still works no problem.
Holy shit.
Sorry but I think any ability timer that has hundredths of a second when a cooldown is over a few seconds is stupid.
No no no.
You need to have a UI with a giant Stalker logo in the middle.
No auras, no modified cast bars, fox only, final destination.
Base ui best ui.
Can always try scastbars.
My ui is pretty, I should send you a screenshot.
No its not.
Also it's what I use.
I have my psi points and cast bar right under my character.
I just use forgeui and have my cast bar below my character mode.
Would have to be for the second world ender.
Bam, closed loop.
Place outside ring b to finish loop after world ender spawn, on world ender spawn location.
Might be a bit.
My computer crashed again.
Volx I want to hear you say Californian yuppies.
California is flooded now.
Lies, California is currently wet again.
Thanks Obama.
Why not Mr. Zurkon.
It works.
It's okay.
Club lion is alive and well.
They did.
No way man.
They flipped the iceberg.
I liked it better when you were a puffin.
Didn't you hear?
Club Penguin is ded.
You're a toucan now?
It has a toucan sticker!
I prefer my blue car.
Fly fly fly fly fly.
You fly home to school little burb.
Youre not ayd.
We did it reddit.
I totally forgot that samurai Jack is coming back.
Sick song tho.
Its almost definitely carpenter brut, just not turbo killer.
I thought it was at the end, but it may have been another song from the album.
The samurai jack trailer?
I dont think that song was turbo killer.
Sounded similar though, was probably by Carpenter Brut.
That shit's my jam, dawg.
Do you?
Love that song.
TURBO KILLER.
HOLY SHIT.
Im a chameleon.
Not well enough actually.
They just know you too well.
Like what?
My post didbt even use the word primal or matrix.
There was also a pvp one man.
Yeah you started the derail so you got smacked with the punishment.
Then i would have had precedence.
Should have posted after everyone.
Also i think it had more to do with it being the most active thread in the forums.
Who is jc?
Thanks for all your passionate input on the state of the class.
Good times.
Remember that time CK got banned for being slightly offtopic while they completely ignored my shitpost.
Guess i'll hold my post until tomorrow.
I see.
It's always Tuesday for ptr.
Not wednes?
Ptr patch on tues?
Like fuck, if anything just keep it the way it is live.
I guess we'll see if they patch anything for it tomorrow.
Nvm Dont look, i saw a post but did not read.
Rip.
Ty response to stalkers ptr.
Sex is a sensation.
Started by a temptation.
A guy sticks his location.
In a girl's destination.
To create population.
For the next generation.
Do you get my explanation?
Or do you need a demonstration?
This youtube comment.
Fucking what.
I just didn't really care.
GG NO RE.
YOU CAN HATE ON THE PATRIOTS ALL YOU WANT TOO.
I NEVER STOPPED BELIEVING.
GO TOM BRADY.
I am more annoyed at the result.
One of the best though.
Depends how you judge them.
But who would you say is a better qb?
Yah, but recency bias is fun.
Both teams playing well all game is much better.
One team plays like shit one half the other the second half.
Best qb debatable as well certainly not best game.
Greatest comeback.
Greatest superbowl.
Greatest quarterback is pretty much definite though.
Last part isnt even a debate thats a fact, the greatest game is debatable.
Greatest quarterback.
Maybe the last part.
All three of those sentiments are wrong though but fairly close.
What a legend.
Essentially we just watched the greatest quarterback of all time play in the greatest superbowl of all time to win with the greatest comeback of all time.
Sounds like an actual game to watch.
Oh fuck.
Then won in overtime.
Yes ck.
SOMETIMES YOU JUST HAVE TO TAKE A LOST.
Wait wot?
Highlights, final score, etc.
What do you think?
Kindanice is that you.
NFL pass interference and OT rules are beyond terrible.
I stopped caring after I graduated.
Don't cares about NFL really, prefer watching college.
Im a packers fan.
UMAD BRO?
YALL MAD?
GO PATRIOTS.
It's more fun.
Just watch them play.
Why would you stalk weird korean autistic video gamers.
Im talking more about watching the actual people rather than the games, why follow a team if the players arent likable.
Dude, korean teams are always more fun to watch when they play each other because they're retardedly aggressive.
But yeah.
Who cheers for a korean team when EU or NA teams are so much more fun.
Plus korean teams are so fucking boring to watch, they take shit too seriously, soulless bastards.
So i guess a choke of sorts, but not what I'd label it.
Thye lost their composure.
Pats showed poise.
Picked themselves up.
Atlanta just couldnt handle it.
Wasnt really a choke.
Always go for the western teams, fuck the koreans.
Because theres always the slim chance of a foreigner win.
Biggest choke in NFL history.
Wow.
Why care about american teams?
Korea is always the best.
I get more hyped about LCS than the sportbowl.
Sportsball is dumb.
Are they saying the chance of the opposing team also getting a touchdown is insignificant that they'd rather just declare the first team victorious?
Who wants to play video games and not talk about it.
Its sportball bowl, who gives a fuck.
Football is dumb.
Always will.
I've always hated the patriots.
But whatever.
Yeah the coin toss is bs.
But no reason to give one team a greater chance due to a coin toss.
Result of this game probably would be the same.
Evil empire wins again.
These OT rules are rather new tho.
I think this year actually.
Lol everyone here couldnt be saltier.
College method is so much better.
NFL OT rules are ridiculous.
What a throw, lol.
They are actually all carbine employees.
Wow, gj Falcons.
The throws.
Overtime.
First in history.
Yeah.
It crashed for a bit.
Did the Superbowl live stream crash for everyone else?
Everything shows up goofy on mobile, stahp ruining my immersion!
Google Fu is strong.
I see you too can google something.
That's all part of his deceptive plot.
The day of rest.
You guys raid on sundays?
I heard CK was going to ride into Illium on a gold chariot, over throw  AYD and lead our raid to Starmap victory tonight.
Does alot count as a valid number?
Guess a number.
How many faggot ass protesters are gonna sit down during the america songs.
Birbs vs trumps america.
Apparently there's some big game of handegg going on.
Which is starting like right now.
Nah, people called out for sportball.
I call bs.
Edits not.
'no way'.
Also it is published on a high traffic popular site.
Yes that.
Was it latex syntax?
Serule I demand you tell me how you mathed that.
See proof.
That's more people than play the best raiding MMO online!
Waow!
Maybe i should have applied for the electoral college instead of MIT.
I voted for harambe but he didnt win.
Just goes to show you votes dont really matter and we should just leave it up to smarter people to cast votes that actually matter.
It really helped me understand the results of the recent election.
I always assume people are so jaded and sarcastic that the truth is merely an illusionary puff of smoke drifting towards the horizon, evaporating in the morning sun.
I always assume sarcasm when reading.
Also is there a way to talk to people without sarcasm?
If so, that opens up whole new dimensions of communication.
Oh, you weren't calling me a nimrod.
This word is starting to lose all meaning.
Are you confusing trolling with just normal talking or being sarcastic?
I'm just poking fun at you man, trolling trolls is like the zenith of trolling.
Its a whole game nimrod.
There is no fucking baton.
There are no common players, only snowflakes.
Perfectly defines the common player.
I like the use of the word snowflake.
'twas a worthy meme.
But idk if it was actually related to someone.
Also, imgur.
You think I'm smart enough to come up with that sage shit right there?
Reddit for sure.
Me too.
Read that from somewhere.
No single player has had any impact at all.
If i never played the game would be the exact same.
Don't know what we'd do without you.
Clearly this proves a lot.
So that only wildstar gets any votes.
Also its being linked around discords like crazy.
Wow, this random poll on the internet proves we play the best game, high fives everyone.
Considering they postponed hardmodes to create the matrix, we have more than enough time to clear.
Aslong as we clear all the content before they closed down ill deal with whatever bs they throw.
Oh wait Primal Matrix is already doing that.
Why invalidate all the current raid content?
TBF, I think an xpac would be complete garbage for wildstar.
I dont.
Remember when we got fully fleshed out systems?
Ws xpac.
I dreamed about one onces.
Then i woke up.
Cause they fire people and make poor life choices.
WHY DO PEOPLE HATE WILDSTAR SO MUCH?
So when is wildstar getting an expansion?
If it wasnt so easy to shit on crb i wouldnt do it.
Oh hey.
Hey, don't talk that way about CK, he would never do such a thing.
If you pay for it.
Ill have it.
Could be fun.
Anyone up for some flapping dicks?
Thinking about try Conan exiles today.
This is Ground Control to Major Tom.
HI HELLO FUCK.
Yeah that's what he keeps saying.
Cows killed by fire drop cooked steak.
He's just trying to surprise you with a chest full of steak.
This guy is streets ahead.
Why not just buy brown sheets.
Shit the bed then bleach the sheets rather than not shit the bed is the Carbine method.
Obv fixing fucked up ideas is the way to go here.
Stop thinking.
They made a problem for the hp to solve so that they could say they were solving a problem.
If they didnt double the dmg they wouldnt need to double the hp.
But you dont.
I would understand if there was content that you needed this powercreep for.
I would understand it better if they had some use in pvp but most dont, and carbine doesnt get pvp anyway.
I just dont understand why carbine added dps abilities at all, they should have all just been personal or raid utility.
Then they nerfed it.
Shit was on fleek.
That's funny.
You know slingers have other spells right?
Your fixation on salve is unhealthy.
No.
Dual fire is love.
What are you talking about.
Lies.
Dual fire is the best.
I love being able to nap while I raid.
More fun than holding down Emission or Dual Fire I suppose.
I noticed that's the fun part about playing esper healer.
There's so many damn heals to press.
Flash is bad enough, this is ridiculous.
Yeah.
Thats stupid as shit.
Then a fucking single skill.
Idk about you guys but the ni hange seems like something more befitting a runeset.
Or do you just share the one account and all shit post?
Jesus christ.
You guys have dumb ideas.
Maybe he can disclose the inner workings of the ban system on the forums.
I'm sure he can make a detailed graph on what you can and can't do and limits.
Depends on which dev hes blowing.
He always seems to get unbanned as well?
Dunno how that system works.
Someone should post this to the forums where the devs dont exist.
Some movements already are utility, but have all be utility is a better idea.
I like it.
I like that idea.
Giving you room for utility but where you have to choose it.
But this'll never happen, I imagine it'll take them the better part of a year to make happen.
Cause as it is majority of your rotation is on GCD.
To really make that work you have to take alot of shit off GCD.
Maybe its time to expand the LAS?
Seems difficult to add new, meaningful abilities without increasing minimum LAS slots required, invalidating old abilities, or over simplifying the rotation.
They also stated that they definitly didn't want to introduce an ability that made it feel like you had to have it on the las to add to the las issues.
Just thinking about it is silly though.
Such a dumbed down rotation.
You could probably fit in another ability, maybe Dev probes.
That's a lot of time actually, for medic.
So very little synergy with amps or class sets.
How long does it last.
That's probably damn close to what the rotation will be.
No I guess no anni the bonus doesn't effect it.
It has a gcd because carbine loves gcd now.
Eh who knows I'll do some math when home on mobile now.
Not sure has a cast time though.
Is it on or off global cd?
Maybe the goal is to have a full retard rotation for every class.
No cd?
Also rip Club Penguin.
But do they have knees?
They have feathers.
I should have paid more attention in class.
Oh god.
Or fur.
Do they have feathers?
Penguin isnt a bird is it?
Fowl science.
I guess it'll have to be.
Oh right birds have feathers.
What are we, Aurin?
What did he say.
Tyrius response in medic thread.
Vulpes trying to use fuzzy logic.
Says the Fox guy.
Uhh, is it too late to leave the guild?
Think about more important stuff, like if you need a jacket tomorrow or if you can just wear a sweater.
You seemingly care about what they think.
You know what your problem is.
But im sure they're fucking crying about it anyway.
Finally a game feminists cant complain about because it has tits.
It's got floppy dicks and dick size sliders too.
They swim away from you!
Lol fish ai.
Fish ai.
Ballsack physics.
The ultimate in gaming technology.
Conan exils has a dong size slider.
Lol.
Fur science.
That means we're good right.
Well since we're scootys brazilian guild.
Heard a mexican guild did so too.
Are you proud of us.
Ck we killed octog tonight.
Flab Inc..
Houser Haunter.
Slick Brick.
Vagina Slab.
Dick Meat.
Pizza Artisan.
Firing Squad.
Fire Marshall?
Burn Warden?
No no, definitely Cancer Patient.
Or Chief of Medicine.
Officer can be Chief physician.
Everyone like this too.
Everyone like this.
No, never!
Bugs on early access?
Its got dinguses and titties though, wowee.
Conan exiles looks like it might be good at some point.
Apparently riddled with shitty bugs rn.
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART, SEERULE.
So maybe?
No yes.
Or overwatch.
Do you know how to heroes of the storm.
Well butter my biscuit.
I have no idea how to SCII now.
Why am I not that popular.
I didnt like ffxiii felt too passive.
Wow even in final fantasy, na us the worst.
I don't know what was up with the autobattle system thing, that was weird.
Yeah what he said.
Kind of a cool idea.
I enjoyed how you could swap classes in battle.
Good, I'm glad you understand, too.
Yeah, he wasnt unloackable in the american version.
Cus you had to capture some worm, that only spawned in the area you culdnt come back from.
That's why breh.
Penance is the most powerful optional superboss in the PAL, International, and HD Remaster versions of Final Fantasy X..
I dunno i remember the only time i didn't just spam holy was when you had to use summons.
Only the real nerds got to fight him.
Its real.
And I don't remember that shit.
Regardless of the report.
That guy is the last boss.
We can remove it.
Nono the lap guy.
Last boss is easy.
U sure?
You'll never beat the last boss if ur using holy.
Games a joke once you unlock it.
Lol no get gewd.
Holy is best attack in game.
Yuna OP.
Only reason you'd wanna yuna is to take an overdrive from the enmies.
Or can u not stack.
Wouldnt rikku rikki rikku be better.
Can sub in yuna for riku.
Riku wakka tidus for life.
Please berate me.
Never played a final fantasy game in my life.
Cause i have no comp.
Already know why its wrong.
And then i'll tell you why its wrong.
CK what was your ffx comp?
What have i walked into.
Oh god.
Tidus auron wakka master race.
Also who uses tidus anyway?
Just keep hitting x until you're out of spheres.
If you're Tidus surrounded by a bunch of Magic, MP, and Black Magic nodes, something's fucking wrong.
I didnt even know the grid when i was playing it.
And I'm a nerd.
So I searched for that part of the grid in that full picture and found where it is.
Fucking.
Nerd.
Fucking NERD.
That makes as much sense as Carbino.
And the one above at the top is Drain.
That BM skill nearby is Flare.
What the fuck is Tidus doing in that part of the Grid.
God i hate carbine mods.
God i hate carbine mods.
I like the Sphere Grid.
I mean fine.
Sure sounds fappable.
Should i post just an image of the sphere grid?
I like the Sphere Grid.
Someone post an idea about Housing in the PM, too.
Hey you know what would be cool?
Cosmetics in the PM!
And titles!
And path stuff!
Actually let's get rid of leveling and just do it in the PM!
I am crying.
It's basically all shit ideas about the PM.
Carbine hates you.
Wtf is this.
How are they not banned.
Thats literally a post.
Yes!
I had not even thought of paths!
The primal matrix should definitely include new path abilities and upgrades.
Would it be too late in the ptr to introduce these changes before launch though?
Wait ck.
It is done.
Martyr jc.
So we will never know.
Prolly never gonna post again anyway.
He's already banned I bet.
Just the right about of informal angst.
Pls instead of please.
And lack of caring at the same time.
It also shows salt.
It's a work of art.
Simple and to the point.
Like it to popular.
Like it.
A thread on the next cat mount color would be more productive than that one.
Derail the shit out of that garbage thread man.
I was.
You virgin?
How you mean.
It's literally my first post.
Ya I want the ban.
Banned for sure.
Wagons post in dev connect.
I don't think they can play now.
Im hip.
For honor was beta weekend.
I like being part of a crowd.
I dont like games.
Playing the odds here.
You saw how that worked out.
Wasnt wildstar a legit hype train.
They play for honor for what.
Only do legit hype trains.
So imma avoid twitch hype trains.
Crash and burned.
Wanted to make sure.
Thats what i guessed it would be.
They all had inflated viewer counts too.
Fucking twitch streamers.
Then i thought.
Conan is a shitty rust are you really falling for that heavy shilling.
Then i looked on twitch for for honor.
So i was going to buy it.
Did anyone buy conan?
Maybe they'll answer stalker questions.
I shall simply pretend it doesnt exist.
I have contracted cancer on many occasions.
Its aids.
I am not.
But be warned.
If you are immune to cancer you can read on.
Or when fraya called caydiem a secretary in her face.
I think they also took it personally when i kept suggesting a suicide pact.
Literally the first comment on the thread is about the matrix.
I think they took it personally after you said you were hoping for more layoffs.
Let me fact check myself on that date.
I downvote all pappy posts.
You quit the game already CK.
Just let it die.
Right.
Which is why I won't post on official forums.
Youll be banned.
Wouldnt say that bro.
Instead of wasting time talking about alternate advancement fix the fucking one you're going to implement in a few weeks.
I don't intend to overturn the suspension or change how the forum rules and warning system are structured.
If other posters are deemed to be in violation of forum guidelines then we'll take the appropriate actions.
And this is him in an dm.
Dude, this fucking company.
This is congero on my post.
One sec.
My salt is real.
No upboat for pvp devconnect?
Your salt is delicious.
Fuckin pappy man.
Got eeeem.
Really puts it into perspective.
Thats like saying enigma is number one guild because codex is dead.
Emp probes too hard.
Weak comeback.
Got 'em.
Cause yoy bad.
So never quiting.
The second raiding isn't challenging because of powercreep is when I quit the game.
Or don't care.
It's only a thing for the top raiders, most everybody else doesn't get it.
Is suicide pact not actually a thing?
You dont really care that much do you?
Its like making a Facebook post vs organizing a protest.
They dont like it, but they dont do anything about it.
The primal stuff will be very required.
Yeah, see the problem is no one is actively against it.
I've talked with a lot of people who don't like the stuff on ptr, but don't really keep up with it.
Honestly, I am reserving my opinion to see what it looks on release.
And frankly the primal stuff is completely optional.
I have no problem finishing RMT then calling it quits.
Are yoy quiting?
No, how you expect everyone else to do the same if they arent as upset as you?
Itll survive because you wont quit.
Every time I check ptr forums I wonder how this game will even survive on patch day.
What kind of feedback is even useful if not regarding the primal matrix system?
Because i unknowingly mentioned the matrix.
And, they suspended me for a week on my first post in there.
This one is pitiful though.
Asking about when there would be another dev connect in general?
Yes.
What you mean?
Omg haha.
FEELS FUCKING BAD MAN.
Holy shit, that's savage.
Dark white.
Light white.
Light black.
Something about Wildstar loves to trigger BSODs.
I think the guild should pay for everyone's CREDD.
Oh wow, where's you signature status?
Pics or it didn't happen.
I finally have maxed amps and ability points.
Ill pay you back.
Heroic mordechai redmoon.
Wasn't high enough prime level.
We just did this wtf.
Seems about right.
Fucking amazing.
Ghost story time.
Break out the campfires.
Is it a scary story?
Ugh long story tonight.
WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS LATE.
Late that is.
Hard to trust future commitments when they could be shutdown by ncsoft any given week.
Please say.
Next time.
Does he still play?
Anyone remember the leader of MVP.
Basically anything.
And itemization.
And dungeon scaling.
That all will come together.
He wants us to trsut in the next next next update.
Unless he is afk.
AYD its time.
This is like the opposite.
But WoW did a number crunch tho.
Dont worry about it.
So carbines doing it.
WOW did it.
Reported to carbine for hacks.
Wow.
Thats dumb.
Fuck that guy.
HES FUCKING GETTING DESTROIED.
What is this from?
'Need to find out wtf nRawDamage is.
I already did order halo Macias let's gooo.
Hard pass lol.
Damn you, English!
Oh, you meant 'i'm still cooking' as 'I still intend to cook food'.
And the rest sitting either at my desk or in traffic.
I see.
I'm still sitting at my desk right now tho yo.
This is the Bay Area.
I'm still cooking.
That was more of a.
My bad.
Ya wanna carry my medic.
Yeah id love to have a pink on my alt.
You know what's also lame?
Not having a pink cuz you didn't raid with us.
Alts are lame.
Raid resets on weds so I wont be coming to a DS tonight since im locked out from friday.
GL.
Healers don't usually seem to be bored in raids.
Hp bloat is real.
Now this.
Remember last patch they added really good shields.
Yeah idk.
The risk is fun, dps and healers should be squishy.
Well, not newer players, unless veterans get some bonus when the patch drops.
What are they doing.
And giving the finger to new players i guess idk.
There's already enough power creep.
Power creep.
Is that how much tanks have in the new patch?
How?
Xecute ftw.
Its carbine.
Also hard to believe they made drill worse.
Did you not rune grit?
Heroism scaling is the same as previous.
I like how you lol'd before saying that, this should be entertaining.
Okay i have all the prime scaling numbers now.
Sounds like a resounding yes, I'll start drinking immediately.
So DS tonight at the usual time or nah?
And yeah keeping MS stacks high would be impossible with that cast time in your rotation.
I think the only way it would work in its current state is if it was instant with no GCD like auger so you could just chuck it out on cooldown.
But that's just adding another worthless button press for some damage.
Terrible design.
Basically it has zero place in the rotation with a cast time due to how the rotation currently works.
Would rather put those points into something else and run auger.
Yes I did, its still garb.
Its the bono of skills atm.
Didn't they?
You jump on the ptr yet cause they said in the brief notes that they redid it some.
They really just need to remake the drill entirely.
Theyre trying to polish a turd right now.
Two can play at that game.
What if old rotation is new rotation.
Why even test outdated rotations.
Invite my medic pls.
Or something stupid like that.
Maybe if it was instant cast with no GCD.
Yeah i just looked at it.
Huk huk huk huk.
Thats two much.
Literally zero place in the current build.
Its even worse now vermana.
Kick them for me.
Hm, electrodrill redesign.
I can fill the hole that billy has left in his absense.
Ya samee.
I can replace poly.
He has rmt gear.
Ayd why?
Can mine?
Can my medic get an inv.
Lol no.
Can my medic get an inv to the guild?
If imma pay asstons of money for an apt in Silicon Valley with a kitchen, I should use it every now and then.
Been using the microwave too much brah.
No microwave?
Tonight when we do DS?
K on the count of February.
Atomic Slash redesign is in and it sounds pretty awesome.
Congrats all.
How much in combat crit do you want?
I never got that number.
Which makes sense since espers get so much crit from bird and amp.
But I'm bad and get all my information wrong lol.
Also what are our Espers statted for?
It's a feature, not a bug.
At least the DPS glove proc still hits independently on MH and crits.
Greedy my blue feathered ass.
All I get in that fight is Guardian absorbs.
Dandur does normal heals with Salve.
Poly gets all the shield with Flash.
Gimme ur glove procs.
Stop being so greedy with the healing serule.
Especially when half the procs are on you.
Interesting that it picked only a few targets.
Oh yeah, the healer gloves proc is super garbage.
Guess that makes sense.
Idk, can check logs.
I think the proc might also work independently on MH and crit, like the DPS gauntlets' proc.
Really?
What's the proc do?
Lego ayd.
Definitely down.
This guy!
Yet another pink dropped.
It's the season of pinks.
Congrats guys.
Guys I have a great idea, let's kill Hardmentors.
Buy buy buy!
That's how business works right?
Yay niec job!
But we did refigure out the bug.
Grats, guys.
Very good kill.
After a lot of close pulls.
Final kill was super clean too.
Same gj yall.
Pls no.
Oops, my damage meter was on damage taken.
Oh shit, nice.
Grats friends.
Too low.
Disturbing my raid.
Pls stop yelling.
Someone come PTR, missing one player for primes.
Willdo tonight if you  guys are playing.
Come talk shit at golf.
Any potato can run it.
I sucked too so I probs shouldnt talk shit.
Damn dudes.
Think he did.
I don't remember?
Check the old VODs, he's got a facecam, too.
Did he have blonde hair?
Is chrono rip?
How dare you say chrono did something wrong.
I'm offended.
Serule kick this troll from discord.
Brain delay.
Iirc it wasnt even that snarky.
Peeved me hard, so called him out.
Doing good deeps.
He was aking others too.
He was busy.
Totally hit.
No weird clip.
No lag.
Need to find stream.
But being chased.
Sounds about right.
Not following.
And he was on opposite side.
It was oblit.
I remeber ehat killed him to.
It was people lag.
He said it was game lag.
And got banned.
I remember him getting pissed off.
And i called him on it.
And he fucking totally was.
That's it!
And he said he wasnt in it.
And he died to beam.
It was avatus.
I remember.
Oh fuck.
He died?
Not dps.
And he banned you.
Yeah, I think you made fun of his dps.
But with more words.
I remeber saying something along the lines of git gud or you suck.
I remeber getting banned too.
Likely excuse.
Bruh I already told you I've banned exactly zero people since I've ran the stream.
Intentionally hard?
Maybe he wants his chat CK free.
How hard can this really be?
Its it just a list man.
He banned me on teitch, doesnt know how to unban.
He bans all trols.
You banned ck?
Hahaha.
Too lazy to figure it out myself.
You tell me how.
I must have just missed it or something.
I assume the link you posted in here was to last night, which you were live during?
Chat might not be there if it's a clip.
Maybe I was looking at it in some weird mode.
I didnt see the chat anywhere.
ARE YOU GUYS IN IT TO WIN IT.
It's all a dream.
The Matrix has crashed.
Maybe some hands on 'research'.
So kill it already.
Uhm, I'm going to need some pictures.
You know.
For science.
My dick gets bigger.
Everytime you guys wipe.
My god.
That just means shes built.
And fat ankles.
Oh yeah.
Billy likes pointy elbows?
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART, FOR SCIENCE.
She has  nice elbows.
Dat upskirt action.
Pretty hawt.
This hoe.
Same thing.
Oh laveka.
Who is Ivanka.
Someone did their homework.
Is laveka.
After starmap.
Like literally.
Gloves tho.
Nah, nighthold just released.
Now or never.
You have to do it.
Because ayd doesnt wanna do starmap.
Fk starmap.
Why not finish rmt.
Why are you guys doing hardmentors.
The main question of the day is.
ITS EZ.
Gl on hardmentors.
The subterfuge strat sheet.
Pulling into driveway now.
I refuse.
Make me.
Mostly the important things.
They dont want to budge on some things.
Less of a disaster than it was before but still a disaster.
Still a disaster for the most part.
Im not sure im that flexible.
Wouldn't it be easier to use that third leg you've always had but couldn't put to use.
Nah just fix your keybinds so that when youre rolling your face over the keyboard, your nose is holding it down, ez.
May as well just put a piece of tape on your cb button tbh.
Hoedown its the same as storm just now with bird and more CBs.
Will be doing drop chances next.
Shits pretty dumb.
Have you ever seen buttman and phlowbie in the same room?
I think not.
He's more butt than man.
Or both.
So is phlowbie a good or bad person.
Anyone wanna play HOTS?
Why is Sore's name outlined like that?
Is that chat links or something?
Oh wait, it's sor, totally snitch.
A snitch?
Or a good guy looking out for his friend?
Wow what a fucking snitch.
Sore anus WHEN.
Nah he has others to do that for him.
Someone here wanna go Avatus on EU servers?
Starting ASAP.
Massiver I guess.
To make maximum profits.
Well you have to pander to everyone.
Lmao blizzard.
My friends debated for a long time if she was fat under the parka.
The original concept art of mei.
Why are people QQing that mei from overwatch isnt fat.
People are stealin his name.
Multiple accounts.
So I was like fuck it refund time.
Grim Dawn wasnt launching and I tried every fix under the sun.
Have some money from a refund I got.
Golf With Friends.
What's the game called?
Also DnD seems cool.
Whatever potato you have could totally run it.
Seems fun.
I watched a bit.
Someone gave this guy speaking priviledges back.
Im just asking.
Cuz you asked.
I thought this was a team effort?
Why do i have to get a server.
Well get a server!
Im just saying.
And ck.
Ill play if you do.
But figure it ouit.
Minecraft realms?
And why.
Get a server.
I dont have a server.
Howbow da.
Or you wanna cash me outside.
Anyone wanna play minecraft.
Im sure.
Think its a bug.
I already said they should change it back in the thread.
Alright, so if anyone here has a Savage Chest costume piece that they aren't using, I'd be interested in discussing a trade for it.
O ok.
Like everyone here go to the thread and bitch.
So they change it.
It's fucking lame can you guys complain too.
Repeat until boss dead.
Cast impale until out of energy, then cast punish.
There's not enough backlash from the ptr gd to go back.
Potato stalker.
Not really two but it's brain dead now.
A two button rotation I keep hearing about?
Stalkers are still in that stupid design.
Will have dmg scaling in couple hours.
Also got the health scaling for dungeons now.
What?
That's lame, it used to give some on first week.
No essence from minis.
They've also yet to mention what their new take on atomic slash is gonna be.
I was suggesting you pull all your funding of the game back.
Don't the mini's in the dungeons still give the same amount of essences as a regular boss kill?
So what do you suggest?
If someone is unhappy with something they simply stay quiet and just hope it gets fixed?
Threatening doesnt mean much as long as those sub accounts and mount purchases keep rolling in.
I mean if a decent percentage of their player base is threatening to quit, including their entire QA team basically, that kind of forces them to actually do something.
It's a business.
Business only learn one way, stop paying them.
Stalk the cafeteria.
You gonna make them?
Of course they can do it, but they won't unless we make them.
They all still exist today.
Name one time I said Iwas happy with the current itteration of ptr?
Cant be dead.
All by himself.
In fact he got a shiphand to pop the other day.
Hoedown still plays.
Its not dead.
If wildstar dies its hoedowns fault confirmed.
Thats what you're here for.
Yin and yang.
Fucking ruining wildstar is what you are doing.
Aww thanks.
Fine with anything.
Easy to handle.
Youre like the best customer.
You are.
Youre an easy fix.
Changing the numbers for essense drops is an easy fix.
Decided to hide their shame.
When its live.
At what point dont you say that?
Guise, its not live yet.
They still have time to fix it.
Guess I'll just have to switch over to revelation online then.
Should be the most rewarding.
Doing the content that is difficult for you.
Which it isn't.
He was hoping doing harder woudl be as good or better.
Arent speed runs good?
Since its a grind to get whatever the matrix is.
Jk got people.
I promise.
Will be fun.
For a stl on live rq.
Really really bad.
Tldr plz, good or bad?
This shit is so messy.
Even though heroism requirement scaling is linear.
Its a random spike.
It dips and jumps.
It doesnt degrade and has random spikes too.
And each type of mob scales differently.
They dont have a forumla, its hand done.
E how long itll take to kill the shit.
Then there is the hp scaling.
You will absolutely be farming the lowest prime you can do always.
And since your heroism is gated.
For the exact same essence.
This system is complete garbage.
To completion.
In addition.
You only get the reward for completting the dungeon.
If you are doing a purple essence dungeon.
So its multiplicative with the other bonuses.
Its linear.
So complete stl.
So dungeons and expeditions work the same but have different base values.
Getting scaling numbers now.
Releaseing spreadsheet soon.
How much per dungeon?
Tell me.
I got all of the essence gains for all primes.
Hey, are tooltips fucked up for everyone else too?
Mine don't have a background.
Also, rude.
AH that makes more sense after watching it.
What?
I was calling you fat.
Also 'ello there.
I dont know what those words mean junah.
I am not disinterested in that.
If anyone wants to help me fund a Carnagore, I have  gold I could sell to you.
Until they agreed to fix it, my way.
They are probably afraid of me.
Nice.
You are a living example of a man that defies the odds!
Lol, my comcast normally behaves.
It's up to Comcast, not me unfortunately.
Not atm.
Lol k, it coming back or no ?
My russian is rusty but i think thats just the normal communist party.
So the For Honor beta is pretty sweet.
It could have been the furry Communist party bar.
It could have been furry bars.
It could have been worse.
Not including how we'd go out to bars like every other day.
He was in california for all the cons.
Kinda is confirmed a furry.
How was your furry cruise kinda?
Just dps through.
Apparently the hotfix made it so instead of infinite skellys downstairs, its infinite titans XD.
This is just how the fight was intended to be.
That looks reasonable sor, just think of the parse!
OMG I MADE IT HOME FINALLY.
That was soo last weeks news.
Still, I wonder what it'll look like and operate.
Aw yeh.
Matuk's is a disease.
You were all right, Rebreather nets me pretty much the exact same dps as Matuk's.
I am sick to my stomach.
Good plan.
Yea, wildstarlogs went down while we were pulling octog, fucked the logs up for that timeframe.
Also I guess I actually wasn't spamming Reverie and Bolster enough.
Logs break on octog?
Anyone for quick ptr dungeon?
I saw lol.
To black.
Aaand I crashed.
I don't have the code.
He needs a code to post his logs directly to the guild.
What do you need huh who what.
I have no idea how that works, someone else ought to know.
You need a link or invite, however it works, to have it linked to the guild?
Ck has all the spreadsheets I heard.
Just ask ck.
THANKS SERULE WHAT A HELPFUL RESPONSE.
Use your Google powers.
Lmao google search.
But its fine, i'll just buy my own runes and do a google search for the schedule spreadsheet.
It's out of love.
Soo much hostility tonight.
I HAD A LEGIT QUESTION.
The streak continues.
I DIDNT EVEN FINISH.
Shut up Vulpes.
I'm more conviced it's a few players that start buying it up when it dips so low and then it gets back up again.
Buy low sell high.
I was trying to figure out why credd was mentioned at all instead of signature  thats all.
I know that.
Start The Clock!
Cause we all know bailouts work so well.
Support the game.
Just mocks you.
Its so funny.
The wording isnt unclear in the slightest.
When you logout.
It's alright, if you don't have signature, you get a nice little message telling you what you missed out on.
Same with druid bitches gift.
God damn guys its simple.
Oh right, I forgot about the token conversion BS.
Fuck.
I don't agree.
Ex Runes of Magic, you could tier up your gear by breaking down multiple items of lesser tiers and combining them into a greater tier.
Or buy charges in the Cash Shop.
Wildstar would be perfect for android.
Ive been saying thisbfor years.
Tru tru.
Unless u is a whale.
And it was totally possible if we did it a few more times but it was rough.
Is that the way to virginia?
Take a left at Albuquerque.
Im missing everything here.
Only Medics and Slingers can do that, silly.
Bow before your savior.
What'd he say?
It just looks like gray fuzz on my monitor.
Im like jesus.
Im only trying to save the game.
Good idea.
Nah, I just tune out most of what he says.
But I guess the game will die before we get to that point lol.
That.
Doesn't make me feel that much better.
So I'll only have an actual challenge for a short period of time.
So just buy doing the dungeons, I get stats that make the dungeons easier.
All they have to do is add a SC Mord laser to each boss, done.
Heroism basically nullifies the entire system.
The same.
Assuming you also move in ilvl.
Since heroism scaling.
And they arent making them difficult with hp and dmg either.
So they're not making them difficult mechanically.
Lavaka hardmode.
And all they did with the dungeons was multiply the dmg by x amount.
But in the current itteration of the ptr they have it so you get the same level gear from raids and dungeons.
So the break down is that carbine is changing the item levels on loot.
I  dont know what their end game plan is.
I have no idea what those are but I'm assuming something like mythic dungeons in wow, which are extra hard and drop raid quality shit.
C'MON MAN.
The CDR is for Fix's CD, duh.
Black holes are bad because people run through them and fall off the map obviously.
Please stop with that.
Nono that would make way too much sense.
Like every other guild.
Maybe we should use the blacj holes then.
Because they dont have pk on them.
This is why we let asteroids go in ck.
Why should he.
I dont.
Serule for starmap can you make sure you cast pk flame on all the asteroids.
Don't remind me of System Daemons.
Fucking control group.
PK Flame getting deflected.
So way way better.
Cb could get deflected.
CB for healer basically it sounds like now.
Too real.
Hardcore time baby.
Gotta hurry up and clear the latest raid.
Within three years.
Before the next one drops.
And only chnage was pp gen on explode.
That would not be good.
Or was it already done, was the CD was reduced?
Of which CK posts the vast majority of the salty comments to.
CK is just mad because he can't get away from this game.
Yeah, some people apparently lmao.
We're business casual CK, calm your tits.
Wtf is with this guild do you guys take whole months off without checking discord or reddit or the forums?
NEW ESPER ABILITY!
Makes sense amirite.
The new esper ability on the PTR.
Which is that now?
Well the fact that tiering up the dps ability makes it worse is still hilarious.
Go on.
Like from a design and mechanical perspective.
Shits garbo.
Then yeah they should have.
Dps just needsnto go in the trash.
Oh no they buffed the healing one.
The way you say it it makes it sound like they shouldnt have.
Did they seriously buff the esper ability?
Lol.
Before you cast a basic heal.
It can't be.
I seen it.
Serule you dont spame reverie enough man.
Still get dumpstered by medics in hps?
Still get fucked over by Salve and new Slinger heal.
New meta?
New meta.
Stack Hope, spam Reverie, win.
Focus pool is best stat.
More garbage stats is still garbage.
You mean all items.
Which is a lot.
Not for pieces with shit itemization.
Till you upgrade.
Itll be bis.
But my bis vendor gear.
Also, I guess these upgrades aren't insanely necessary for progression, so it's not as big a deal as it looks like.
Which for many slots isn't BiS.
Which will reduce time.
And idk if special will bring it over.
So its pure stats.
No new runes.
Whats better.
Are they turning this into an eastern MMO?
Probably up the drop.
Oh, you mean cursed shit.
Cause you stillget tokens from laveka.
Well, not really.
Dude drill is shit im out.
Triploon upgrades.
Though i should have someone double check this math.
So no point.
But they already know.
I just need any guild thats completed rmt to care.
It does not matter.
The casuals literally dont care.
No one would care that matters.
If i posted this.
Do it you wont.
Or not.
Plus the outcry against it might be a good thing.
You should post your maths to the forums, a lot of people are wondering on these sorts of things.
That will take you the rest of the year.
Get the rest.
And only for abilities.
That is shortest path boyz.
Too triggered to math.
Send help.
Im broken.
I did a whole year didnt i.
My god.
Buy it from a country with low tax, minmax.
Dont they have to pay more?
There are some players who would do that.
What is aussie tax?
K one sec.
But yeah, basically.
Assume the amount of time you said to farm enough regular essences and account for purples you'd get in that time as well and then figure out how much more time and service tokens for converting.
What you mean wong?
To convert shitty essence to good essence.
Gotta pay carbine.
Spend thousands on service tokens.
And pay carbine loads of money for service tokens.
Just farm like a mad man.
You could bring it lower still.
Doesnt help my panic attack.
Yeah, it's what I was hearing that the purple stuff is the real blocker and the amount of service tokens needed for conversion is bonkers.
Welcome to hell.
Mother of god.
Isnt that a stupid number?
Oh wtf.
You need.
It would be less work and same purps.
But to old system.
Well if they just added it as daily.
That.
Is better .
But still somehow sucks dick.
Fuck me.
Random dungeon is daily looks like.
And how much purple is needed for all the things?
Carbine is carbine.
But hey.
So less fun.
And you have to do random dungeon.
So less casual.
But now.
Its that.
That was the award previously.
But they also slashed the amount you get.
So no repeasts.
You only get the bonus once.
So heres the math.
Its dumb.
How does purple stuff work still?
Isn't that the real blocker now?
I read they were reducing the wait times for those to reset though.
Also depends on ketchup mechanic.
But more real life time waiting for resets.
Itll be less time spent.
Obviously this is an estimation.
Hmm.
Think they'll add weekly lockouts to prime dungeon attempts?
Yeah they really have no idea what theyre doing with the ilvls.
We are going to make assumptions.
Repeatable content has equal gear to weekly lockout content?
Or should you just do dungeons.
Yea.
Why even raid for character progression.
Just looked at notes again and it made me cry.
Dungeons AND raids have the same max ilvl.
They had no plans for sets.
For more customization.
Also, I thought their eventual plan with the sets was to make is chose which ones we wanted.
Real life several months at current rates.
In extreme british.
I'm imagining the Garmin voice for that.
One min.
In hours played?
Rmt hardmode sets and on and on and on.
THEN RMT COMES ALONG.
So they buff it again.
Gotta make it make current rotaition good otherwise i wont use.
If you make ds set around ww then why am i using ga set.
Then comes DS set same stroy.
Cant make it stronger.
Then what?
You replace.
Pretty much.
Now they try and make an ability replace it.
But we just went back to it because its so good.
I mean they tried to steer us away from it with the RMT set.
Its the same with warriors except more apprent.
But the thing is nerfing it would be dumb, because engis are actually balanced right now, nerfing it for the sake of making us use a different build would be literally retarded.
I guarntee you its just like warriors.
We'd have to just roll more.
Eh maybe?
That would ruin your roation yes?
And its a debuff.
Thats crazy good.
Then idk how that can be true.
Pretty much.
Aka engis don't need more builders.
Came to the conclusion drill is impossible to be good because bioshell is too good.
Me and scooti tried to help him.
Pyros been working with tyrius to try and make drill not shit.
Because they don't know how their classes work.
O i meant a different discussion.
So they assume everything is fine.
Yea, but we didn't post it where they could see it.
Which is more then carbines ever had.
We are the QA team.
If we dont literally no one will.
The pop isnt large enough that some other guy is going to do it.
People know that we are the only legitimate testers right?
Why does no one have time.
God damn it.
We could do it tomorrow after raid.
Thats right.
Can we get him on to test full matrix?
O ya.
I remember now.
It was drunk.
Was it sana?
But we need him so i can compare the healing.
Uh maybe?
I thought it was sana.
Itll be a joke.
I can bet you.
We need him to do dugeon again in full heroism.
Which is why i dont think they will.
I mean that would make sense.
They'd probably just make enemies with infinite IA immune to blackhole.
So im not expecting anything.
Its not fixed yet.
Plz no.
Gonna be fun.
You can do it with avatus too.
So every fight then.
You just put him in a corner and he does nothing basically.
Yah basically.
Is it blackhole him from centre and then he breaks?
Pull mordecai into a corner with blackholes.
New Mord strat?
Dude I said just earlier.
Ser are you excited for the new mordecai strat?
I like this plan.
Chain blackhole him to outside his barrier.
Maybe if i pulled stormtalon away from the middle with a blackhole he wouldnt cast it.
And tree.
It was rough.
And a dps medic running probes.
We had null zone.
You need full prime gear duh.
Rune more crit mit.
And even then ck would randomly die.
If you had full dungeon gear.
We did.
Sore, that's because you're not BiS.
But no clue how much is heroism and how much is gear.
Bring defensives baddies.
Its doable but stl knockback oneshots people.
Theyre still in the sewer right now but theyre inching their way closer to the toilet bowl.
Wait srs?
Well theyre slowly getting closer to being not total shit.
This is going to be one of the last updates to ptr too I'm assuming.
Can we do dungeons instead?
Who needs pink fan club.
What the fuck.
Welcome to wildstar.
Wait what?
Yah thats liteally all of i can think of too, everything else would make it too similar to bioshell for tyrius to do it.
Which would be okay I guess, at least there would be more than literally only one engi build.
I just know it isnt fixed.
Idk why it wasnt fixed.
I thought it was cuz they dont know how.
Not fixed.
Still in the game though.
OK good.
It was a bug.
I think.
God damn it.
That was a bug.
Unless they changed it.
Because bioshell is so good.
To make it good.
Because its carbine and we're pretty sure its impossible.
You are running bio.
That's an enforceable contract.
Ill always run bioshell.
If they make drill good.
Literal aids.
Ck i promise you right now.
Gotta worry about dumb engys wanting to parse.
And not only we we have to worry about slingers not bringing am.
We already do.
Fine i hate drill anyway.
Ik ik.
And he now sad.
Itll be me.
I find it silly engis get all their buffs.
They buff drill to be better.
Im okay if they make drill good to replace bioshell.
Best case scenerio.
Ya ik.
Right now.
On live.
Engys have that.
Everyone and their mother wants their shit buff spec to do dmg.
GL HITTING MOVING TARGETS.
Well at least DPS espers have their new ability.
That encourages them to stand still again.
So you needed a tank?
LETS MAKE A SLOW MOVING PROJECTILE.
Its like carbine is working in reverse.
Its like warplots on steroids.
Literally useless.
WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT DRILL MAN?
Have you seen drill?
Its literally the most canerous ability ive seen thme make so far.
So they parse higher.
But from slinger only.
For the whole raid.
Well the slinger heal procs on direct hits every time.
And all I get is a shitty delayed heal.
Idk about that.
I too was on the PTR.
Yeah I saw.
And its salve.
Well the made a new ability for slingers.
We seem to be good at that.
Maybe, what about it.
You know how you love salve?
Hey serule.
Im starting to feel you were lying.
You said for kinda's benefit.
Carbino pls.
Jesus serule.
You should really log on PTR, would answer most questions.
Its just carbine being dillholes again.
They made a weird design.
Everyone knows its weird.
What a weird number.
Accounts share essences, characters have individual matrixes.
Fuck my DPS alt spec.
Minor tiers literally never matter.
They buffed the minor tiers.
It does.
Thats how worthless they are.
Minor tiers should literally be removed from the game.
Does it have any affect on your tiering?
Its still meh but they made it better.
No one gives a fuck.
Quick burst.
I can come if you need.
Well they buffed qb tiers so that may be good now.
Hits like a noodle.
But faggots be faggots and only dps log on to check their epeen new abilities and if they do more dmg.
Wouldn't you also want to see what minis and ds and rmt equivalants give?
Thats it.
Does there exist a single player who tanks and also cares about the ptr enough to log on?
Just a quick question.
Would be a numbers game at that point.
Which may.
But more penguins.
Sounds goo.
Less people.
South pole.
North pole.
Can fraya come too?
Im coming.
Where you at ck.
Please fuck me.
Im ready.
Right now.
Had an unexpectedly lengthened vacation.
Well welcome back to reality.
Fuck me.
O ok.
Course he doesnt.
Its shit.
But i think its best summaerized as.
I can answer nearly any question about the ptr.
Oh yeah there is.
Thats fair.
Oh okay.
Wildstar is doomed.
He died but got better.
I reading going, wtf these are people who play a lot this is the testing we are getting.
Did he just wake up from a coma?
Here comes the CK lays it down post.
Wtf is going on here.
Do you know how the distribution for gaining stats is?
Like, the curve.
Linear?
Lots at the beginning and a grind for the later ones?
Isn't there a 'show summary of stats earned from matrix button' somewhere too?
Im just  writing down  all my current stats.
Im about to work that out serule.
If drill was good, tiering up QB might be worth doingh.
Its probably just vi.
Drill is garb.
But since well.
Could be interesting.
Ah, so you don't specifically spend points on it.
Uptime is shit, and Tenacity does nothing for half the fight.
Possibly, but not entirely sure.
Eh.
Probably better things to use it on than that.
They terk our Humanity AMP.
You are your own worst enemy.
To use your extra ability points on.
Shh that's exactly what I said.
More damage dealt the less hp the enemy has.
One is more damage dealt the less HP the target has.
One is less damage taken the less HP you have.
One is more healing taken the less HP you have.
I may have bought a few to many essence bags on PTR.
Yep, and they're all pretty bad.
Oh yeah, so the new stats, can you only get em in the sphere grid?
What else are you doin with triploons.
Its still an upgrade.
Yea, drill is still trash right now.
You can buy upgrades for your gear with trips on ptr.
Save up your triploons btw guys.
You were getting penalized for having a lower heroism then recommended for the new prime content.
And there's not really that many nodes.
And I think you get penalized for having a lower 'heroism' rating than recommended?
Did we ever confirm that?
It's basically the sphere grid.
So is it kinda like the sphere grid in FFX, where there's just a crap ton of nodes on one big sheet, and everyone has the same sheet?
I saw the post about them rethinking the warrior ability,   hope it replaces  SS  cuz  no jumping in some fights is  suck.
They've also revamped the dungeon rewards and medals system as well, seems like neat stuff.
I obviously havent done any essence farming at all.
I feel like  if your going to get gated every time  you hit a purple  node  they really need to redesign the whole thing.
Its a shit design to extend, if they wanted to make it more extendable they would have removed bridge nodes all together.
But it has almost no capacity to do so.
Not to mention they want to make it extendable.
The system is absolute garbage.
You wont pick a different path.
But you would fucking go off path.
You are time gated by purple.
Unless you're time gated by the violet essence, then minmaxing stat gain from the pathing matters.
Going to pick the shortest route to get all ability points and thats it.
No choice in it either.
Dont need stats.
Get heroism rating.
Because the primal matrix is a game where the stats dont matter.
No one would notice.
If they change the matrix stats position.
And to clean all the shit off their floors and ceilings.
They can't hit a stationary target either.
Carbine needs time to see what shit is stuck to the wall.
Now taking bets to what they change this time.
Long live Moxie.
Wonder how lont itll be down for?
Serule Blue.
Because i get it.
Get it guys.
Too bad it can't be recolored.
I'm still content with the flaming Ohmna psyblade tbh.
Monkey king.
Nothing really cool about it.
Monkey king shit is cool doe.
Pinky skin is actually dumb lookig.
As long as the skin's the same.
Praise RNGESUS.
Need more pinks.
Better buffs, easier heals etc.
More dps means less work.
Has hm strat changed any?
Just completionism, I've had every technologist challenge done for a year.
Except that one.
I saw my first biophage cluster just last month too.
Vulpes please.
XD.
Oh boy.
RMT pots have the worst health to plat ratio, thats why i use the novice health pots.
I've done worse for less.
What ritual sacrifice must I perform to acquire one of those Archivos medishot formulae in the bank?
Oh you guys beat hardmentors?
I have some remote controlled ones around my deks and under my bed.
I have it in my frontals and around the top exhaust.
I have LEDs on my exhaust fan and side vents lol.
Cause they don't power down with PC for some dumb reason.
Cause they don't power down with PC for some dumb reason.
I had to take the LEDs out of my computer.
Okay yea I couldn't sleep with that.
So at night it's a bright black shining at my bed.
It doesn't sleep when connected to PC input.
You turn your monitor off?
True, it turns on slower than my PC.
Samsung monitor.
There is your problem.
If I can mod this to track my Roccat Nyth inputs, we're in business.
Thank you sir.
Have you tried turning it off and back on.
I dont stream.
Idk how man.
Idk blame Chrono.
Tell me how to unban.
Hope they can take feedback for stalker too.
Though why even rehaul the rotation in the first place.
Just kill them until the die.
Hardmentors is easymentos, just git gud.
Wagons pls.
They're tossing the old atomic slash for something different, no idea what.
Dreamcatcher is now called Epiphany and gives the esper a psi point on detonation, further buffs likely.
Which occur in the encounters ive listed above.
So no, mb will never beat reverie unless they make it into reverie or allow it to compliment it.
Example, gloom, laveka, dungeons and any other low target fight.
Many targets vs few youll never win unless the scenerio is different.
In general, or excluding Esper support?
Do people not know how to math?
And thats accounting for the armor bug.
Its horseshit.
Id just like to know.
I believe in you.
Guess so.
I do meditate after each maze.
Should be a kill tonight then, SGTM.
Itll be your only time.
Also you should mediatate every transisiton.
Though if it were good it would instantly fix you focus problem.
But people unaffected by dot are outside so banners wont go in and vice versa.
If everyone was always stacked, maybe.
Too small often times so healong gets wased.
MB is bad cause of the range hop.
What is you FRR at?
Worst case if you are having a really hard time you can just imbue next week.
True, PK heals a shitton on Boson.
Also your raid stack sit pretty far off back of augmentors.
Pk is uncapped and heals for a signifcant amount so they could move up and make it easier.
I'm kinda curious if this would work.
Rotate casting Bolster on everyone.
There's no way it would work.
Good news, I got the Havoc out of my helmet.
Anyone know a McSpooky UndeadSpaceRatBarnacl.
Reverie spam is new meta.
Yeah, for Mixmaster so I can spam reverie mindlessly.
Just saying.
You had it once.
It's base.
I don't?
I've dropped like, all of it for HM tho because like all my FR were in my real gloves lul.
He said he is from ordo.
Anyone know a McSpooky UndeadSpaceRatBarnacl.
My friend.
Is the ptr still garbage?
Dude I know, pls nerf.
Julio Jones is so sick.
They probably have a lot more keys still available.
The game is super fucking asian.
Cause im about to.
Has someone claimed that?
It was!
Now I get to save everything elsewhere and have a chance at it holding up for the next raids.
I feel blessed, honestly.
That was a pretty sweet nothing.
Whisper us sweet nothings.
Id agree with that.
They do have some big brute types but I don't like large characters.
I had to make a female.
Such pretty boys.
That's what I am saying.
Exclusive skinz?
Most exclusive skin.
In three weeks they will be scrub tier anyway.
I don't want it.
One day you will want a pink and you won't win the roll.
So I gifted.
If I keep it I can't quit the game.
But then I was like.
I almost kept it.
So xe is swapping to warrior tank right?
For not being there.
Report yourself.
I'm reporting you.
That's why you all had that dry spell.
I wasn't going.
I'm gonna take credit since the pinks only drop when I am in the raid.
Seriously though xe, grats dude, you certainly earned that honor badge.
THE ONE I DON'T COME TO!
Got my sweet wings.
Thank you based asian perverts and your hotsprings.
Maybe it was from the login screen.
Weird, i got logged out once.
I was just in random spot in the world for over an hour.
Its too bad theres a limit to how long you can stay per day, though if there wasnt Im sure id just leave my computer on overnight and afk for xp until morning.
There is in the world, but not in the hot springs i dont think.
Also I don't think they have a afk log out timer.
I walked away for over an hour and was still there.
Shit dude afking in the hot springs gets you a ton of xp.
Fuck questing.
Killing the memes.
How many people in enigma have been playing RO?
Here we go.
I will get banned again.
Anyone enjoying this strum?
I guess engi doesnt get anything new then.
Mobile typing with big hands is a challenge.
Nice edit.
Do not cooperate with his nonsense.
I can stick around for it.
Would people be up for a very quick ptr raid after pug tonight?
And robom is there.
Ya teleporter is still there.
Ok cool i think i need to pull robom or something similar a few times.
Tis funny.
We tested pbh on starmap.
I believe it should be up.
Not sure but if pnel is there yes.
Is it still possible to pull bosses individually on PTR?
Let me believe.
Shut up sor.
Not that theyre adding more.
Tbf this is about decor getting removed from shiphands as a whole with the update and shes saying they're putting it back.
PvP has been an afterthought since alpha.
Are you surprised that they're prioritizing housing over pvp?
Fuck pvp am i right?
Ensuring housing gets housing in patch originally not planned to have housing.
From caydiem just now.
Housing gets more money per person.
If i wasnt a crybaby id say thats a pretty good plan tbh.
CRB will force all raiders to quit with a suicide pact, then scale down raids to dungeon difficulty and just make them drop housing stuff.
It would be like herding cats man.
Who dont need no pact.
They are strong independent women.
You mean lack of.
Not even housing likes the new content.
Just restarted with a blademaster, couldnt do the tab target anymore even though gunslinger seems pretty cool otherwise.
Basically ya.
Wasnt that the arcterra bug?
Ayd how can you not love this game, you get to sit in a hot spring drink alcohol and eat food and level up by doing it.
I hope it's not a thing though since it feels like shite.
I did my own rotation.
It actually feels like theyve attempted to steal execute from WoW and make it usable unconditionally but with wow  you auto attack and build rage while executing  in this you do not.
Its ass and unless its resdesigned itll still remain ass  even if it is a dps boost.
Feels like they took an esper finisher and slapped into a warrior.
Atomic slash is a dps gain now.
Still extremely ugly to use though.
BS is the wrong skill to try to replace in engi rotations, its too embedded and useful.
Exactly, without a full rework only way they can make it viable is by just giving it absurd damage.
Without the ability to refresh stacks it isn't even close to viable.
Its competing with BS which is pretty top tier.
I didn't know that's how math works, failed the problem the first time and then decided to throw out the problem the next, what'll it be in a week?
XD.
Yah drill isnt supposed to refresh stacks on itself they just forgot how to math the first time.
Well the first two iterations were unusable.
I have no faith in their ability to improve it to the point it is usable in their envisioned niche for the skill.
Well then it will never be a thing.
Considering engis are for once decently balanced.
And if they bring back bolt caster that would probably be the worst class decision possible.
They could just nerf everything else.
They wouldn't necessarily have to make drill decent.
Theyd have to make drill a decent ability which unless they change it completly probably wont happen.
Well its gonna be rolling with Bolt Caster and Electrodrill pretty soon I think.
I love it.
Idk why they think rolling is a good mechanic.
Damn carbine changed it up.
Nope its rollign alot with target acquisition mortar strike and bioshell now.
Is that still the engi rotation?
Roll a bunch then cast bolt caster?
That implies bolt caster is a well made ability XD.
Yeah single target shouldnt be tab target.
Look at Boltcaster.
Single target doesn't have to be tab target though.
Gotta cater to everyone though.
Swordmage is half and half.
Just sucks that unless you are a tabtarget pleb scumbag there are only two playable classes I think.
Seems to be.
I havent tried the swordmage yet.
So all range is tab target?
I always prefer gun users in mmos so I wish gunner wasnt tabtarget garbage, id main it for sure.
But it's just unplayable, Im forced to play a sword user.
Gave me a really bad view of the combat at first since I tried Gunslinger before any other class, and Gunner is fully tabtarget, I was just like fuck this fucking tabtarget game.
Tab target is silly.
I couldn't play a game that does that.
So basically if you pick classes X Y or Z you are playing WoW, if you pick classes A or B you are playing Wildstar.
Gunslinger for example, all their stuff his one target and has no telegraph, its just tab target and shoot.
You can set a mode where you target whatever your cursor is over, but its really fucky since it'll switch targets around constantly in a mob, etc.
Nah, it looks like you can but its just a gimmick.
I thought you could play everything without tab targetting.
Why cant i be a titty mage or a loli mage.
They're trying to steal from Tera's membership base.
For some dumbshit reason.
For example if you want to play a swordmage female, you can only pick the teenage girl body, you cant use either of the others.
And yet the classes are still restricted to certain types.
They just have normal humans, tall female, muscular male, trap, and loli.
They don't have races lol.
Oh and bodytype restrictions are fucking lame.
One thing I find rather shitty is your combat system is restricted to class.
If you wanna play a gunner you're forced into doing this dumb single target tabtarget thing.
But if you play a swordsmaster it's just full wildstar action combat, no targeting.
Oh shit is it a Korean MMO?
Or what?
Which do yoy think will come out of beta and release first wildstar or RO?
The real question is.
Still better than wildsta PTR.
Have yet to try the new closed beta, will see if there were any improvements I suppose.
RO, dear god I thought you meant Ragnarok.
Wow, dont be such a downer.
WildStar is already dead XD.
Uh, where's the housing?
RO is the wildstar killer.
Lets run mythics!
Billy did you even level cap?
Mini tower it is.
Probably not.
There are raids.
I'm assuming enigma would move to revelations is the suicide pact happens?
Also, is there an end game?
Seems like they just have world bosses.
We got like half of enigma playing.
Grindy never bothered me.
Its combat is fun , i love all the movement.
Is it?
It looks really grindy.
Its pretty nice.
I agree.
Let's make a for science gaming house.
Do you move around while literally playing the game?
It would be cheaper and you'd have a better product.
I move around too much.
Problem solved.
Easy, but a pc.
So anyone wanna help me pick out a new one?
Not a complete noob but not an alstarz either.
Do you still have DS pieces?
Heroism system, random raid gear, shitty matrix grind, shutty nee class skils.
Well its still a go so far.
Wildstar will never die plz.
Isnt that reason enough to play XD.
But you can get married in this game.
It's super annoying.
And forces you to grind gear.
Leveling like gets hard after awhile.
Ya thats what ive heard.
And eventually gear is a huge issue.
Figured it would slow down massively eventaully.
That would be lovely, when they're awake.
But I'm gonna pass out now.
See yoooou.
Hes like the only one that does it ever.
Ask vulpes.
Shit's bonkers.
Also whenever an engi reads this, I would appreciate some guidance on the glance build.
I hear they take that kind of stuff very seriously.
Probably a good idea.
What if the dps uses a taunt right after you?
O shiddd.
O fug.
What if the dps uses an intimidate right after?
Thnx bb.
Try again.
Dont have access plz.
We did it, reddit.
Gleo theres not enough blue.
You can do it!
You didn't want to use that thing anyways.
Omg its like u dont know what afk means.
Am i?
I didn't check the roster.
They dont and shouldnt.
Why do prime dungeons have to be able to get orange gear anyway.
Its dumb please never suggest anyhing ever again.
Dummy.
I duno  just my suggestion anyway.
But still a lot of changes and scalong still needed.
More better.
A lot of attached systems.
So then you also need to change scaling of dungeons.
And random ilvls.
I would say that is highly probable.
And none of them play anymore?
How much you want to bet that group was made a while ago.
Sounds garbage.
What is this the matrix system.
The hype.
Oh boy.
Ask if they know you ingame.
Honestly the fact it even exists is somewhat impressive.
So we have a wildstar community at my work.
Otherwise why could pappy make one.
Dont you need devs for dev connects?
Anyone know what happened to dev connects?
I wiah they gave us specifics on heroism scaling.
I wish they gave shit posting awards.
Heroism is dumb as shit.
So we can complain more.
Its all about the forums.
No one cares about aerver up.
No ne plays.
Forums down still?
Cant log in so cant view ptr general forum.
Working fine for me.
Are forums down?
But since they have this rng bs.
But I guess atm it's way too good.
Yea if it's a real catch up it should be above DS gear.
Should put you above.
Except arcterra only gives just above dungeon gear, by catchup mechanic it should put you on even level with DS.
I like the idea of  a catch up system for new players  so they can get gear,  but  keep it below current raid lvl.
So yeah, dunno if anyone's read their post yet but they're adding the rng of dungeon gear into raid gear as well.
It's not just praying for pinks anymore it'll be praying for best version of the old gear too!
Remember the saying hoes before bros.
Girls doe.
O u rite.
For not coming to DS on your slinger that one time.
Dead to me.
Or is it still shit CK?
It's still ugly to use with the cast time.
Why not  just remove   rampage and use   ripsaw instead.
No thee is no benefit LOL.
Probably worse than whirlwind.
The only benefit  is less buttons in rotation.
Yeah   possibly.
Your still better off with the current setup.
Even then  its not amazing.
Though if it lost damage.
Lol.
Did they increase the scaling like magma suggested?
I was wearing full RMT  gear  on the PTR  and they havent changed my currently  equipped gears assault pwoer at all.
Nope i didnt.
Maybe he means the damage on the tooltip?
You lost stats there.
Check your weapon runes.
BC's back bby.
Oh fuck.
I hear if you  remove and reequip your gadget all the stats and slots  go back to normal.
Was just mentioned that the lose of rune slots on raid gear was a bug and it wouldn't surprise me that any stat changes to raid gear was also unintentional.
I hate you.
Yeah they are all over the place and have no idea what they are doing or what people want, literally all they had to do is ADD something to the game not touch anything  that already existed.
I dont see why they need to touch scaling of rating rune slots on gear at all,   all they have to do is balance dungeon gear around the existing raid gear so that raiding is still worth doing.
Carbine?
Making sense?
Hahahahahah.
So that doesnt make sense.
But they changed the stat scaling too.
To compensate.
My guess is   people bitched about runes getting nerfed  so they instead decided to nerf the number of rune slots.
Not yet bae.
Where is the post?
Here they go again fucking rune slots  and fixing things that arent broken.
Anyone else wet?
Said little bit.
Ptr post coming from pappy.
Oh shit.
Carbino is working with old tech and spaghetti strainers.
I know you are thinking, hey they just do a scale forumla and presto.
They have to modify each one.
Did you known that the tiers for each ability point are hand written?
Carbine is dumb.
Via the vendor.
I showed token and non token dont have the same stats.
Its on the items table.
Which details?
Not a global thing.
But the scaling details are set per item.
Youd think.
No u.
Thats just conjecture.
And hmthey wanted raid to still be stronger so they left tokens.
The problem is they dont want to toich runes.
Combine is dumb.
Or combine.
So inorder to make it fit they need to pick oe.
It would be odd if it randomly changed scaling.
It hits both scalings.
Again, lets keep it cool, they have a few weeks to fix everything.
They can do it, mhmm mhm.
Same with pink and gauntlets.
Token gear isnt dropped so the scaling change did not affect it.
Its so aids man.
Using the same runes.
Before it was fine.
Looks like they are phasing out one of them.
You mean carbine is.
Im pretty sure you're waaay overcomplicating this.
And ive seen all the itemization patches.
This is the dimbest patch ive seen so far.
Which makes this janku as hell.
Which they did not change.
They are only better cause of sets.
But they arent.
They applied that to everything on ptr.
To compensate.
This meant higher stats.
Such dumb.
Stats please.
I know nothing.
But itll work.
Its fucking janky.
Alright i understand the change now.
Runes were returned to live values.
Okay anyone check rues on ptr?
They increaed the item value.
And the rating total.
Just tell me what slot.
What piece you want.
Can hover on ga tokens.
Check token vendor.
Yeah just forgot it.
Thatll mess it up.
Dont have focus pool.
Give me total stats.
Sec checking.
Any will do.
After this dungeon.
Doesnt matter hoe.
Ill check if i have a weapon.
Dont have a weapon.
Yah why.
Think they changed it.
Thats nearly double live.
Thats way the fuck off.
I think.
They made dungeons hit harder.
Limited rune slots.
On weapon hoe?
Look at shiphand gear.
Wait what?
What a weird fucking bug.
K thats def.
Bug then.
But why.
Hmmm.
Cant be support.
Weapon then.
THATS WHAT I SAID AND CK YELLED AT ME WTF.
No token.
Wepon then.
Can give implants.
Chest and legs only come as tokens.
Only gave tokens.
Or leg.
Got that?
Thats the point.
I can confirm if it is.
Figured out if loot got changed.
I will after dungeon.
Give me ss of anything that was in there that isnt fucking token.
I can do the weapon attachment stuf.
Chest and legs are still token pieces.
Can you do chest or legs?
What item slot.
Understand what im saying.
And what slot.
How much total in secondary.
Sore holy shit.
What number.
What number.
Need the number.
Thats what im guessing.
Lmao hahshshahah.
How much total rating?
Is it just a broken ptr build.
What are stats of gear.
I wish i was trolling.
That affects everyone in our raid lmao.
WHAT THE FUCK.
Loke wot?
The weapon losing slots is fucked.
Thats not even.
Im confused.
And the crit shield.
Including the gun.
Heres the thing.
Same with ga.
Ok so.
Okay then im at a loss for thr change.
So boots are still better than mt.
Ok so.
Anything is better then this.
Idc im gonna play anyway.
Ya thats what ive heard.
OH I WILL.
Have fun leveling for months.
It's not good.
Asearahs call is better.
Its prolly good.
If humak hates it.
It's shit.
He hated it.
So did humak.
I bought a founders pack.
Not trying to bully.
Revelation online CBT thurday.
Just for thoughts.
Anyways, any plans for other mmos after this then?
Just curious and have been looking around myself.
Can we contact him.
Yeah, Chet.
Chet is his name?
Gm is slyjeff on forums.
Tco is kalscattergood.
Ive spoken to caydiem about them.
I know a few of their members.
They love tco.
Anyone know slyjeff?
Do they like tco or something?
That would be a massive blow to crb.
If we can get tco.
Lmao, I've been in.
IS AYD IN?
Like what's the serious discussion here?
Wtf lol.
They're going to completely fuck this up and every raiding guild will quit.
Anyways, so it's been getting worse so far.
Is feb.
Two weeks from tomorrow.
DING DONG BITCHES.
Btw its feb.
Next week.
And so far every change is been a misstep just about right?
Mid o late id assume.
We dont know when.
And weep.
So in all serious, the plan is to have this go live in February correct?
Read that.
And further fucked runes.
They fixed the matrix to be symmetric.
Ill link.
See above.
Double hockey sticks.
AND.
They got the alignment fix in for the retard on the forums.
No details on actual essence gains.
No class changes except stalker, shitter itemization chanes for no purpose.
Feeling this the more i hear of ptr.
Can someone help sor heal.
Rmt tokens?
Pick one carbine.
Can we petition them to start playing their own game?
So they can stop guessing at the class tweaks and itemization?
Hey now, if we're gonna petition for something, it needs to be something that could actually happen.
Let's petition for them to stop fucking up.
Fucked if i do, fucked if i dont huh?
Get fucked poly.
They did what tyrius said in the stalker thread.
No notes this is wildstar.
Stalker got changed.
Maybe stalker?
Someone check?
Where are the notes?
No class changes to skills apparently eother.
Ah other you're.
All RMT drops now saw ancient eldan prime.
Unless youve completed rmt, then your safe.
What a fucking joke.
They terk er runes.
Here's some more stats in the Primal Matrix.
Btw to compensate we're taking away your weapon runes.
Want to know essence.
Can you guys do dingeon now?
Making pinks even better.
Wtb pink pls.
CRB PLS.
Get rekt.
Am i confirming.
Weapons too?
Except tokens.
We talking about ds.
That doesn't change anything.
Are we sure that they didnt just forget to change the tokens?
Did rune values change?
But tokens are not.
Komi will now be demoted to guest in doscord.
What did they change about RMT rune slots?
Those notes were bs.
Try again ck.
Im banning that guy.
Fucking komi.
Notes, better than reading what komitypes.
Fucking rude.
Complete one then dickhole.
Dont know.
Per quest.
So not terrible.
Top kek.
Their way to validate raids is by removing gear options.
So tokengear is bis and say goodbye to gear choice.
Ya pink is fine.
And pink i would assume.
Everything except DS tokens and eldans.
What about pinks?
Everything including DS gear?
Long day today.
Runes in mailbox.
Rip my plat.
Any changes Sor?
Need to hurry up and get my class set on my slinger so I can faceroll Dual Fire heal.
Im starting to learn how badly they've fucked up healing, in general, in this game.
Crb pls.
Nice focus graph you got there Poly.
Meanwhile I'm starting to realize how stupid focus is.
Secret logs.
Perfect score.
Nobody logged lastnight.
Great job with bosun last night!
Let's kill it even faster next week.
If others want in.
We be playing overwatch.
Batman would have downed hardmentors by now.
I'm batman.
Also, who are you?
You losers aren't even on hardmentors?
Miss you kinda.
Whats hardmentors?
I'm out running errands, gonna have dinner with the boyfriend, just finished at a con and didn't think to check the schedule.
Yeah.
I'm not going to make it tonight.
I think it's time for another of those Awrf breaks unfortunately.
He is european.
Or utopia?
From codex.
Its briex.
One less that is in that message.
Well whoever that is that is that post is a work of art.
Ck are you briex.
Idk i asked giga and thats what he sent me.
They have a discord?
Where was that from?
Oh wow.
I dont really know why i pinged ck in this discord but yolo.
Its not an epic accomplishment to kill a boss.
Yep, I don't find this format to be as satisfying.
Are we just agreeing with one another?
The challenge was could you stay organized lol.
Idk what point you are trying to make.
So grind because you need best stuff for new shit.
So you always knew there was something coming out.
If it is its march at earliest.
We dont even know if hardmode is coming.
Some crazy number.
Yes, weekly.
And what about promise of new content?
And were there lock outs?
Yeah well the grind was there.
Was just so much more to do.
None of this one and done bs.
There is a massive difference in mindset.
If you dont change your schedule for launch or prep at all you are not racing, you are just doing new content.
And when i mean racing i mean racing.
Would rather raid with people I enjoy.
But not try hard for world first.
They do the content and they already know they are leagues above the other guiolds.
They have essentially the same stance that drow and voodoo did.
Sculti was in our raid.
But i dont have an offical petition.
I mean, utopia isn't competition?
Many of our other memebers hold the same view.
No one to race, why race?
Was posted in their discord by camy.
Thats the aussie guild yes?
Sorry for the ping.
They dont really seem to do much other than their own thing.
Literally will not affect anything if codex quits, doubt anyone will really miss em either tbh.
Also, so what if codex quits?
They were mostly only concerned with themselves and pretty much had no outside influence to my understanding apart from serious raiding.
Which hands?
Any good alternatives?
Welp.
If this turns into the death knell.
Not in the slightest.
Do you think these are ideal threats?
An inspiration really.
Theyre just taking the threat of quitting and actually doing it.
Its real.
The scaling needs more math in it.
Hp is another one.
Other things are too easy.
Some shit is way way to hard if it scales like that.
You cant have every mechanic scale the same.
Thats a lot.
Like wow.
But everything scales at the same rate.
Another huge problem.
But does not invalidate raids.
Harder and harder means more essence.
Any time you aitn in raid you dungeon.
Dungeons for primal matrix.
So raid for best gear and the challenge and lore and shit.
But max reward is less than current raid.
Primes should have unlimites scaling.
When hardmoon releases.
Give essence scaling.
Prime dungeons are a pretty easy fix.
I can see why but their intentions are so misguided.
I know of a few members who are upset but i cant confrim if its an idea held by yuell.
I dont have any contacts in codex, id need to refer to someone else to confirm.
Though im sure they'd like that to remain within the guild if possible.
Motivation by Bayou.
I post it everywhere so more people can share.
I don't do reddit.
With the power of memes, carbine will be convinced.
We need more memes.
Dont listen ck, inv now quick.
Dont inv.
Izu is bad.
Still got a spot?
Im down.
Whos ?
If anyone is avail, an rmt needs a fill.
Pappy isn't a dev he just ate pappy cause he was hungry.
Is that why meerkat ate pappy?
I hear if you eat a dev you absorb their powers.
No dev is perfect.
Blizz gave bastion a reinhardt sheild in beta, remember?
Still yeah, update is not amazing but crb has shown willingness to change things around, its an early ptr update.
The document is somewhat accurate but youre missing information, you should probably watch the dev streams.
Give them time.
We are still in beta.
Reminds me of beta testing Wildstar.
Just that it would be higher.
And when they said they would inc it they gave absolutely no specifics.
Essence gain got no responses and it was by far the worst offender.
All got responses.
Etc.
Etc.
Bugs with new dungeon.
Since they said absolutely nothing till friday stream, yet they corrected everyone else on all other bugged aspects of the ptr.
And skills are insignificant because if they are shit nothing changes, people use same skills if they are great no one really cares as long as their epeen numbers are higher.
Make wildstar great again!
You left stalker changes out for shame.
Last line was my favie.
I like the essence system.
It's a good concept.
Could have incorporated it into the contracts or something but instead they want too much of the same repeated content.
I'm salty.
I hope they have a plan.
Salty ck?
How is the ptr.
Moba i mean.
Meh not a big fan of dota games.
Not exactly blizz's most successful game.
Well its smart by them, Im pretty sure almost nobody played hots consistently since launch.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS!
Anyone who's played it and kept up with dailies would already have everything unlocked as is with gold, it's a nice event for new people to try out though.
All heroes are unlocked for everyone on HOTS this weekend.
Neat little event for those who feel like playing.
Photoshop a carbine logo on the dog then its golden CK.
Theres alot they CAN do, they wont do any of it.
They wont.
To make it you know, at least somewhat interested.
But that really isnt difficulty is it, thats just retardedness.
Just get challenges and gg.
Shit still hurts.
Shit still one shots.
If we blind folded you and put you in there, you literally couldnt tell the diff.
Im sure others have run it much more than i.
Yeah, one of the main reasons i am not looking forward to it.
I dunno, we will have to see.
Yeah i believe that.
Maybe but if anyone can enter this market and do well it's Amazon.
I know a guy who knows a guy.
I want my hand in the pot.
How to.
More hands in the pot.
Thants the point though it's not a one stop solution.
They partner with other solutions.
Unreal and crytek are only engines they won't host or publish.
Microsoft, unity is getting there, unreal, crytek.
Who else has the tools and hosting and publishing capabilities of anywhere near that size.
Not as complete really.
And lumberyard is only really interesting if you want to use aws.
There's a lot of competition already in that market.
Really though for a start up studio it has to be appealing.
They only have to make the game.
Yeah i saw that the other day.
Star Citizen is now using lumber yard.
Can they redo the medic abilities while they're at it?
They are making the games to sell the development package.
Developer tools , publishing hosting everything.
A one stop shop.
Ok so they are reworking the drill a bit.
Well I mean yeah.
Forcing them to use lumberyard prob.
Another sandbox.
They are doing their own thing though.
You got a wealthy employeer?
Ill bet you i can pay for ketchup mechanic too.
No sources nothing.
Intentially set essence gains low.
Refuses to comment for dayz.
Making a dungeon twice a year is doable.
I think your right because they no there wont be any more riads.
Also, they said next build will have the intended increase of essence rewards for doing higher prime tiers.
I'm not sure if I want to touch the ptr anymore until they put out a new build since it sounds like a bunch of stuff is gonna change again anyways.
And with the backlash to the changed golds comment that'll likely change.
How they kept dodging around saying a flat no makes me think it will make raids obsolete at some point.
Senpai notice me you see.
Looks like a better dbd.
But they prob will still.
RIP pink you were fun while it lasted.
Hmm thats kinda vague though.
I walked away how did they justify that.
And said that they wont be intentionally making raids obsolete.
At least they answered my question.
'Essence accrual rate was intentionally low'.
Yeah sure right uhuh.
No more needing gold to unlock the next Prime level.
If thats the case ill try it out again.
Worht a shot i think.
Chinese sounds like a cheese grater on my ears.
I dont mind japanese.
I like high pitched asians tyvm.
Or play with no sound.
Gameplay was ok though.
I did Verman,  they are making pulse blast the meta.
Yeh i know was just asking if anyone did see it.
The VOD will probably be available after the stream.
Did they talk about how its shit?
I missed the engineer.
Oh my god.
They don't actually know what Locus in Locus of Power means.
Devs said the only Chua should be Esper Chua.
I was just trolling.
Oh, thought it was the name of the new dungeon or something.
One of them sounds like you Serule.
What's deep dive?
Any of you testing Crowfall?
Doesn't sound good already.
Ah shit the publisher is my.com.
I tried revelation.
Didn't care for the game at all.
Not everyone is as cool as you Billy.
I never got a CBT invite.
Anyone tried a raid in Revelation yet?
Thats crb.
Y, thets weird.
I didnt tell you to do it.
I said that was something you could do.
You told me too.
But do they yiff?
Hmm I'd wager they could if given the opportunity.
Do coyotes awrf?
Sorry who was an officer and stocked the bank for months upon months?
Because he is a bear.
But bear doesnt care.
You can hate on bear if you want too.
Luck fegendairy.
No need to be like that tho.
Well my bad everyone.
I didnt realize she isnt all there.
Thats my bad hoedown.
While also considering lockout of dailies and raids.
I think the best way is to balance by method.
Have dungeons and pvp reward higher to encourage group content.
You said you want something chewy.
Chips ahoy.
All math is made up.
Better be chewy.
For that made up math.
You can have a cookie instead.
Ill take a check please.
Im such a great developer.
Er wiat.
Heres what needs to happen.
K did some quick math.
Then they dont exist.
If you have to tell people on nexus chat to queue for bgs.
Bgs dont exist.
So point for ck.
But i can already tell you its more pratical than carbines.
Really just through numbers out there.
Id have to spreadsheet this.
Most people wont hit that for a year.
Then obv number is lower higher you go.
If we are pushing for more rewards from higher rifts.
Depends tbh.
There's a number of issues with the stuff on ptr I just hope at the very least carbine will listen.
Im ready as spaghetti.
And donald trump is president.
And only a few weeks of grinding in probably not enough.
Yes and as of now its not balanced at all.
So its k.
But aint fun for alts.
Its good.
Are you ok with this ptr.
Everyone on discord.
It's a dungeon in ffxiv.
Gives the most endgame currency out of all the dungeons.
ARF grinders would disagree with you.
As of now its months for hardcore players, and literally years for casual players.
I cant blame carbine.
Wildstar reloaded.
Again.
Wildstar retarded.
Wildstar reloaded.
If players have a long term character improvement goal, they will be more likely to log in and do content, regardless of whether they're casual or raiders.
The system has to be both a carrot on a stick to log in and have appropriate rewards.
You cant just, have a grind.
Isnt it.
The primal matrix is the artifact system.
Idk if im writing to words what im tring to say.
How is the ptr.
It doesnt now.
The grind has to have purpose.
For what content.
To bring people up to rmt level?
What is the goal.
Why the grind in any amount?
Thibk about this.
I would say they're appealing to the chinese with the grind but they cancelled that.
Incompetent obviously.
There's no way it goes live like that, and if it does.
Bye population n.
Which means they are incompetent or dilusional.
They didnt even try to hit the board with matrix.
Like its not even close.
Yeah thats good.
Just gotta purge the xenos from the dungeons, then it'll get a lot easier.
Sounds fucking terrible.
But its pretty bad right now.
Oh of course im not worried.
I'm willing to bet a lot is going to change before it goes live.
I'm not going to sweat it.
Now, is it like ffxiv where you're not supposed to focus on it and just find that you've gotten enough stuff to progress after a while or is this an intended mode of progression.
You barely get any of the daily quests as of now.
Daily zone rewards and whatnot.
That's other ways to earn them than dungeons though.
No matter which way you look at it its going to be months of grinding in its current state.
Sounds like making every single anima and relic weapon in ffxiv.
Horrible.
I wish i was joking to be honest.
I almost feel inclined to say something's missing, but then i also wouldn't be surprised.
Omg WTF.
Its the most annoying thing.
And there is a cd for requeuing now.
Its in the range of thousands of dungeons.
Primes dont inc essence drop either.
Also thats for an actual reward.
And this is only one step of a massive quest chain.
But im not.
See you think im kidding.
Lmao, gtfo.
As is?
That would be rough.
I really hope they make some adjustments.
Naw, I'm going to give it a chance.
Hey ayd.
Of course our standards are low.
We've played this game for years now.
We got low standards.
Fixing an unintentional mistake?
Step in the right direction.
Still shit game.
Carbine said the changes to the rune power on PTR is a mistake.
Feek whyyyyy.
But if you need.
I could only stay for an hour.
How are stalkers supposed to dps from the front side now.
Man, all that neat stuff.
Am i going to have to start trying to play again despite my schedule making joining any serious guilds impossible?
I'm about to make my first forum post about it.
It fucking blows I hate it.
How about that stalker rotation though?
Keepo.
I woudlve loved any dps gain personally.
Farming  the essence is going to take FOREVER.
Aww damn.
I saw that earlier.
And was gonna tell it this Friday when you get pissy and mute me.
Fuck wrong channel.
Please ayd.
Gotta get feedback in early.
The heal is too low i got sone stellar ideas to fix doe.
And has a gcd.
Its on gcd.
Like when would that even be useful anyway?
Logic Water defragment maybe.
That's it?
Dreamseed doesn't seem that great either.
I finally tried Dual Fire SS heal last night on the PTR.
My interest might be at that point.
Out of focus?
That's rough.
Earliest is march man.
Though I am not holding my breath.
Maybe Carbine will surprise us with RMT hardmode.
K, so on starmap got it.
And my occasional extricate.
Well i guess i will just have to enjoy mordechai then.
Do what yoyve been doing and if you get crits or you have the gear congratz.
Tank get i just heal.
Fucking hdal absorb.
Oh that's a bummer.
Heal planets and afk.
Early starmap.
Gloomclaw heal nov.
Cause its always a heal check.
Oh god no.
Well good, they need to do more of that.
Then cc to keep in place when they die.
So you grapple or drag them to her.
Mobs need to die on laveka to moo.
Sort of.
No, is that a mechanic?
Wait have you done laveka?
Something they could do without really changing much.
Like a cool boss mechanic would be to have warriors grapple enemies onto a boss to bring out a moo.
Or rather forced movement.
They could've made it way more interesting if they did have movement be more of a mechanic.
That's kinda my point.
Mobs dont more or need to move that often.
Like if there were abilities and boss fights where you had to push the boss.
And that's another thing that i think carbine missed that's inherit to wildstar.
Point for carbine.
And ylu can fuck it up.
Its an ability yo actually have to aim.
Just wish it was more relevant outside of trolling.
Extracate is a godsend.
But it is still cool that i can do that in that fight.
Like being the main tank healer on robo and being in the kicck order.
Though the need might be an overstatment.
Like i said, it's super interesting to have and need extricate in mordechai.
To make more interesting.
Bringing kicks.
I like utility.
Just making sure i am in the right position, which the difficulty of varies pretty wildly.
Honestly for me, the most interesting thing in fights anymore is just positioning.
That shouldnt be a thing.
The fact of the matter is i can heal blond folded if i didnt have to dodge red.
Oh well yeah.
Adds some tactical thinking.
I like, in theory, the idea that you need to plan the fight before you start.
Not a lot of choice there.
I don't mind a limited las, if it was more varied between fights.
But we still use over half our skills anyways.
We have limited las.
We have very few skills in general.
Thats another problem.
Well unfortunately i doubt the game will ever be at a point where they would be able to invest in such a rewrite.
Im not bringing cw, no need to tier triage.
To justify.
Youd need enough cast time spells.
Its boring.
They have a strict rotation.
Dps is the same way.
I need to be able to make concious decisions while healing.
Its not a combo its a little perk.
Because triage has its own function.
Bu that isnt the case.
Ideally youd triage before a large heal that cost a lot right?
But its not controlable.
On paper.
That's a pretty cool interaction i think.
Or whatever.
So balance everything around costs?
Straight up.
Focus recovery and pool should not be alterable stats.
I do x healing thats me.
You cant optimize them.
Healing checks arent fun.
But no fun.
And it was hard.
Its a healing check.
Same with gloomclaw.
Its pretty fin boring.
Yeah main reason i hate star eater fight from healing perspective.
No need to aim.
All smart heals.
No need to aim.
Well that and stacks ruin telegraphs.
Sometimes i can make up for it, which does make it more interesting.
If it is spread out at all i am pretty much garbage.
For medics, def.
Stack fights and healing range is an issue too.
And just do that without really considering too much who's at what health.
But its not.
That should be considered at waste.
Who cares, reverie.
Spam before the next one!
Which lead to us, wiat for it!
Less and less bosses are haing set and predictable dmg spikes.
Dmg in wildstar is pretty random.
Or at least, it took a bit to get used to.
I need tp be able to fuck up and oom.
You need thay.
And over spend.
I could also suck dick.
At the cost or resources.
I can make up for mistakes.
Now if it didnt cap stacks.
Makes me question why aren't there focus pots.
It has no cd i can spend and spend.
Everthing else has a prettyset hps or healing output.
Its the closest thing we have to unlomited spending.
So the best way to look at this because its confusing is bolster.
I cant spend more.
I spend and i heal.
Its not even instant death in all cases.
I cant spend resourxes to fix a mistake.
Then inability to spend more resources to fix a mistake is a problem.
Or is that alright?
Is that part of the problem?
Its all preventative not reactionary.
A mistake is outright death in less than your eaction time.
Its not a wizad duel.
Mistakes are noramlly dead.
Challenge for sure man.
I was starting to get that impression after star eater fight.
Is healing more about making up for peoples' mistakes, than it is to overcome a challenge?
There is no aiming in wildstar.
Tab targrt is harder.
Healing in wildstar is brain dead easy.
Doesnt matte how good you are.
You could say that classes are the playstyle but even then ill never pick medic for a spread fight ever over slinger esper.
Thats the dream though, playstyles for classes.
You will never pick it no matter how good you are at a mb build over reverie in an aoe fight.
Its a optimization choice.
Mending banner isnt a playstyle.
And its just not going to happen.
Id like that will the las.
But because hanzo is my pkay style we do better.
Widowmaker is way better on paper.
Because he plays like how i prefer over widowmaker.
Im really good at hanzo.
And this one isnt really true eother but.
I would like different play styles.
One can dream right.
Here is the impossibility i would like.
And most of the abilities outside that build are close to useless.
Cause you alwys compare.
One example is gloomclaw where i care more about ints than heals really.
Its a hassle but thats why having so much synergy or util is hard to fit with las.
Then it becomes, cant tank without and why are stalkers hit at threat.
Always or neverin most cases.
But las means.
Now its an incombat choice.
Yoy can balance on a resource cost or a trade off.
Like global cd.
If you dont have las.
Does the tabk always need that or just for this fight?
Lets say it was a threat inc.
Cool niche abilites dont noramlly work out well.
Oh well.
The problem is limited las.
How i get one from joke?
Lol sorry then.
It was a one, that set is garbage.
You mean slinger ga set.
That are meaningful.
Give them more support abilities.
Anyways, point I wanted to make is this.
Pretty sad.
Fix is only on util though.
But a little more impactful.
Yeah pretty much.
My favorite was a cd that reset all the current cds.
It was really cool and dynamic.
Augmenting them in one way or another.
And they all intereacted with each other and the heals of the priest.
Oh then back then Disc Priests ran by their cooldowns.
Carry on.
Okay then idk what yoy talking about.
No disc was a healer.
I havent played WoW since Lich dropped.
Is disc preist the dmg healer.
Back in burning crusade.
Wait yoy talking about back then or now.
Why not?
That was a pretty dynamic caster back then.
That would be pretty awesome.
If they made them like Disc Priests.
But i think for medics.
Well that would be cool for slingers.
Something something shadow priest?
You ever play WoW especially around burning crusade?
Or dodge rolling for rapid fires.
Or having to stand still on esper casts.
Thats like using punish as a stalker tank.
So yeah.
Then they got rid of surgical.
Even its name fucks it.
I dunno, i liked ds when it was used to proc surgical.
Its useless and taking up design space.
They have to delete dual shock.
Well first things first.
Yep.
Oh well.
Honestly was kinda hoping they would nerf the flash build.
Just to make things interesring again.
Oh fucking well.
When he changed the emissions i told him that was a bad way to do it.
God damn i hate free heals.
Even if they were op its god awful to play them.
Medics suffer from the worst resource system, boring passive healing and clunky casting.
But yeah.
That was i was reffering to woth dec enemy output.
Null zone is also overlooked.
I was thinking more along the lines of what can medic healers offer outside of healing.
And yeah there are very small bonuses to inc armor, dec enemy output and if there are no dps some other small buffs.
But nothing super intereating or helpful to the raid.
It would be nice to be a healer that can do more than just heal.
Ya know?
But once again they are minor and sporaticor only tank focused.
Esper is above both.
But not compared to slinger.
Compared to esper.
Which they do.
Inc output, inc armor, dmg reduction, deflect etc.
What you mean is medics have less random small bonuses to healing tat are flat healing.
Dmg reduction on direct heals.
Same with medics.
Small target armor and dmg reduction amps.
Espers?
Pk then what?
Crit priority being medics.
Every class has a raid buff and then some sort of specific unique buff.
Well not much is the answer.
What do slingers have to refresh my memory?
No one got raid buffs just personal for the most case.
Slinger isnt eithet.
Were there any notes on the update today?
That way people can relate to rifts.
But nothing really more difficult about it.
And tank will be reduced to single pack pulls.
What a cutie.
C'mon brah, world firsts are at stake here!
Bedtime broski.
COME PTR WITH US.
Sit a pet or some crap   on the side  or  target a low health  boss.
Well it would be funny.
If not then Carbine water you doing.
Has to be based on target of that heal.
They lowered  rune values.
Or  is it the target of that heal not YOUR target.
Evne tho your not healing that    you gain hps.
Does that mean if you target something thats really low.
Hope says   increases healing based on targets missing health.
Then pin the thing to your bar.
Just look in your bottom left menu and type primal in the search box.
So gg.
But there is no button there.
And then it tells you how ot access it  on the bottom left.
Allocate essence in the  matrix thing.
So the quest says.
Gear it up yourself you lazy shit!
Then I can play for you guys.
Gear up slinger for me ayd.
Hurry up and make my new shit work carbone.
Can the buff be picked up by a raid member?
Any person who plays slinger regularly will.
Ah okay.
Yeah it's down at the moment.
Anyone else getting a connection error trying to get on PTR?
Tanks got some new abilities that may offset that threat, so maybe not.
Anyway what im sayin is that its definitely worth trying a new rotation to beat the current one.
And rip agro off tanks.
Whats going to be funny is when  we start a fight.
Than before.
Its slightly different.
That rotation already existed tho.
For RMT.
The rotation changed.
Well yeah but just as smackdown was changed.
It wouldnt work.
But im saying you cant  run it with the current rotation.
Im not saying its not worth running i duno.
Yes which is why i think if it does enoughd amage its worth running.
Well that comes back to my origonal statemt  about  using it while keelhaul proc is up.
And if you have keelhaul active.
If you put a BS in there as well it would.
Should get oyu close if not topped up again.
Tremor    new ability    RS  sd rampage.
And when you do breaching strikes.
And do like.
For examplew hen you hit with kinetic burst.
Youd possibly run something  like.
Yea but high stacks is timed to correspond with high KE.
Just as you choose when you build with augmented blade.
You choose when you build.
Which means less rampage resets.
Becuase oyu have to spend more time building.
And it has to be  less tremors etc.
Im sure somebody will make a rotation.
That is going to fuck your current rotation.
I just dont see why use augmented blade anymore when it only gives you a little bit of DPS gain as opposed to this.
I dunno i have extremely high augmented blade uptime.
Your doing it wrong then.
Right now warriors have a  KE surplus.
And it doesnt eat  half your KE to do it.
Thats a lot more than what ab gives you right now.
If this will give you more dps.
My point is, why use augmented blade which is normally the warrior spender.
Because warrior reasons.
Why  use rampage.
Yes i know.
Keelhaul would still be on when you lose that KE.
It seems to make keelhaul pointless.
One of your damage amps is also still active.
Yeah but.
Seems weird.
The current rotation does a lot of damage with rampage too.
Smackdown does more than that with class set.
It loaded funny on my browser.
Oh  nvm i see.
Atomic slash?
Thats tank abilities.
If its a longish cd.
Or maybe oyu wait  until you proc keelhaul  then use it.
Whats its  cooldown?
And use it.
Then  toggle aug on.
Relentless and  smackdown to max  KE.
Oyu do.
With max ability points.
Most things   when you innate dont req  KE   but if that does damage based on  KE   then  no KE  would be  base or no damage.
But is it better than current rotation is the question.
No I didnt check that.
I think if you time breaching strikes its really not that bad of a KE loss.
Did you use innate   while you had  KE?
I used the innate to try and use it and it didnt work.
Im not on PTR yet  its downloading.
I dont think so, too lazy to get onto ptr atm.
Just read the tooltip.
No clue didnt use it.
Does it spend KE  with innate up?
So only half your ke i guess XD.
It does a lot od amage.
Assuming it is good that is.
That seems to make the normal rotation pointless.
Thats not difficult if you time it right.
Makes half your  amps useless afterwards unless you   spam  rebuild KE.
Somethign that eats all yuor KE  tho.
What is it going to replace?
Well i dont htink warriors have space for another ability hehe.
That seems weird if it does.
The new ability.
It may supercede augmented blade.
Smackdown is currently a builder.
Dumps all your KE and does a fuckton of damage.
Buffs your relentless strikes.
The tank abilities are pretty nice.
Ima be  pissed lol.
It better not change the rotation completely again   right after i get used to the current one.
The warrior ability is pretty damn cool gotta say.
Another tier of abilities will be  especially good for a PL warrior.
Yeah one thing engi did get is some sweet effects, medics and engis can throw awesome parties.
Atleast until then we can have dance party with new medic ability.
Welp guess ill just wait to test builds until our shit works.
We should be able to buy essence with glory and elder gems.
Which is nice since its a builder.
Truly y u no raid with us anymore.
Its too much volatility yes but you could always take off bioshell, ofc that means no bio buff.
Isnt it still too much volitility.
If it actually worked it wouldnt be too bad.
According to who.
But its broke.
Who me?
Im in ptr right now brah its dogshit.
The tooltip doesn't show accurate scaling.
If it does, I understand your frustration.
You haven't even seen the scaling of the ability.
Else, hello last place dps.
Hopefully carbine realizes theyre idiots.
So mad.
Must ptr.
Which is good, but non game changing.
QoL stacking mobs is about it.
I think the ability is really cool, but i think its effect is lost on the engi tank considering it doesnt really help us do our job because we already cover everything with PE.
Yeah it seems engineer just got absolutely shafted by giant horsedick, and everyone else got sweet buffs.
So when you compare them, black hole is a qol ability compared to amazing tank abilities.
Oh conceptually its real fucking cool.
It may be crap but it does something.
Yeah but at least black hole works.
Gorefiend's grasp as a ranged tank ability is wasted.
Slinger dps doesn't look that good.
Will test later.
Tanks get a sweet black hole though.
Wow so basically engineer dps got absolutely shafted compared to every other class, with an ability that not only is complete trash compared to other stuff, it doesnt even function the way its meant to.
Your stacks fall off before they reapply.
Oh I thought they'd refresh.
Does anyone here understand the electrodrill at all?
Itll only differ based on your rewards structure while playing.
But yes your pathing will be nearly the same.
Youll branch out to fill time.
If you are color heavy due to rotation.
So there will be slight variance.
To be dumb inbred fuckwitt or be optimal and follow suit.
So un a sense there is choice.
But between top guilds our paths will be eactly identical.
A diff class might want thiers.
Makes it faster.
So i go pure ability points first.
For instance i wont get new stalker dps skill.
It will depend if your new skill is bs or not.
But yoy have to pickup tank stats or healer stats for optimal pathing.
Yes the paths are diff.
Just annoying.
So can farm on main then fill out on alt so not entirely bad.
That currencry is global.
But you get essense on anyone.
I'm guessing the ideal path for DPS differs greatly from the ideal path for support?
Per toon.
But base on the violet essense acquistion and the bonus its going to be longer.
Is the matrix per toon or account?
Also, how long does it take to get essences?
And its a slowwww ass moving projectile.
It's like an orb that you launch and it slowly travels down a line.
The stacks disappear before you can cast it again.
Electro drill is fuckin weird.
Its back up.
Its launch all over again.
Ya they crashed.
Yeah im stuck retrieving characters.
Thatll teach you not to log off.
I can't connect anymore well shit.
RIP ptr servers?
Though I guess the AMP to reduce CD might be fine by itself.
What would you drop for LoP?
Spectral?
I feel keeping Fix to reduce LoP CD would be better.
How am.
I supposed to work when there's so much to theory craft!
You only need the one check.
Thats why it would be great.
Right like i said the healing check on starmap is easy till final.
Like mending but stonger even tbh.
Sigil at a glancd is the best ability here for healers.
No cd is odd though.
Since itll be on everyone inc tanks.
I'm unsure.
Must get home to test!
Any less and we are looing at  ad uptime.
Depending on area it seems bad.
Anyone actually use it on ptr yet?
Seems bad, have to test.
The return c.
Man the medic one is weird though.
Id mess with the surge component and leave as of now.
This is paper vs practice.
Yoyr looking to meet a healing check.
I guess on predictable heavy dmg it's good.
Uptime doesnt matter.
I kinda like that contrast.
Since cd.
But not used on shredder and the like.
Starmap final phase becomes healing joke etc.
Itll be niche.
Like its really stong.
No hps inc so no use.
Surge is lacking.
That thing could be too good though.
Thats nice.
Looks like its a hot to its not on hit which balances low direct hit classes.
Then people get life steal essentially.
Hit boss.
Its like pk.
Is sigil of recovery a targeted ability for slingers?
Targeted makes it tough too.
This can be really strong depends once again on scaling but it needs some tweaks.
Like hp drop on main target.
Mostly over heals needs an early trigger.
Yeah I wouldn't mind it off either.
Off gcd would be neat.
Wonder if its gcd or not.
No PP interaction, either?
Yeah, range is tiny.
Guess Dreamcatcher is another thing to shove on tanks.
Remember the time the update broke Chua arms.
Chua arms?
But are Chua arms broken again.
Yeah its just fuged.
MS made all of out other abilities obsolete which kinda blows.
Its acting like its a cast ability again even though its instant so you can't attack for like a second after using it.
Dps will tank with their tank stats from matrix.
You're tanking bosses.
Who cares about trash though?
Ya for my trash parse.
How you gonna get threat on trash now.
Ayd nano only hits one target though.
Also that warrior ability atomic slash will likely see an actually huge las change to how warriors dps.
Cause they clearly forgot what that was like in the past.
I like the reintroduction of chance to reset to warriors except now for tanking.
Now, if it was BUILDING PRESSURE AFFECTS MORTAR STRIKE we would be talking.
On a side note I really like the warrior one.
It's fiiiiine.
We have plenty of voli.
Im not sure what theyre thinking with the engi one, another volatility builder, with a cast time, that doesnt do much damage?
Just affect the whole raid.
EZ game.
Who needs code red?
I knew the salt was going to be real.
So much salt.
Confirmed no reason to ever run anything but stalker tanks, once again.
I seriously doubt it goes live.
Mini codered.
Super stronk.
But still.
Not current.
Since they get the buff.
Whoever hits it.
Who needs intims?
OMFG NANO SPIKE.
So it could drop behind you and you'll lose dps.
And lol yeah slingers are now Draven.
I see what you mean about Draven.
Why the fuck don't we get esper op level.
Implying quick burst does damage lul.
Totes balanced.
Hoedown just click my link.
What is it!
I'm not at my pc.
Welcome to the league of DRAVEN.
My feedback about slinger dps skill.
I stole zebdans cuz im a scumbag.
Post slinger new skills !
This is nuts.
Blackhole better be bonkers.
Jesus tap dancing christ.
Omg a new esper target ability lol.
Espers aready op now even more wtf.
Good luck beating espers LOL.
Esper abilities.
Im DLing ptr atm because i forgot i got rid of it.
There are no class changes patch notes yet.
And prime duns.
Thats just for primal matrix.
No class changes in those notes.
Wait they aren't nay.
O patch notes yay.
I literally want all the damn information.
I care.
Tell me.
If you care they changed stalker a lot.
MORE INFO VERMANNA NOW.
GOLD dammit, rip dungeons.
So yeah, actual useful gear.
Real.
Gear?
CK, what is context?
AYD read the context for goodness sake.
AYD read the context for goodness sake.
CK pls.
Youre an idiot.
Well, I have good news on thay front.
Damn, I wish I was as smart as me.
Yeah, you need reckless dash.
Be pair number ummm, I dunno even.
Who needs gaunts in this day and age.
Gaunts aren't going to farm themselves.
No one is that bored.
Anyone bored and want to dungeon?
Atleast they did throughout all of rmt XD.
They normally do ptr updates on tuesday nights.
Any idea of when it would go live?
Who cares if its reset day.
Its ptr tho.
Who knows.
Caidem said on Wednesday which would make more sense as reset day.
I am ready to get my Sphere Grid on.
Also another carbine dude said wed.
So , soon.
When's the PTR with the Primal Matrix out, anyone know?
Healers should just rotate classes every week.
Next week I can be Medic, you can be Slinger, and Dandur can be Esper.
Honestly it is kinda boring.
Was fun at first, but after that fight.
Meh.
Have you seen the medic healing rotation?
There are no skills other than positioning.
Or it could have a local bias.
Doesn't work like that, not with network stacks.
I guess you could also look at logs to conpare relative raw healing to actual healing to see whos a random spamming ifiot and who actually is healing.
Whis ever quicker.
Like wot?
Great, so we both time it and both do our aoe heal.
Whose is applied first?
Its one of the most predictable dmg fights there are.
There is no luck man, you can time the squiirg smashes.
Or your orb had more ppl in it, etc.
That your heals counted first.
Get gud.
Anyways, was just showing in terms of raw hps i was kicking ass.
Oh weird not sure why it linked like that.
What mini is that even?
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART, HOEDOWN.
MIND BLOWN.
Rmt farm?
Do they raise cows or bears?
ANYONE WANNA JOIN A RMT FARM.
I get shitted on too.
Its ok hoe down.
What can i say.
Your logs are wrong.
Why not just use soothe.
Spamming base MoB and Bolster on him so I can spam more Reveries and Mental Boons.
I'm using the tank to build PP.
Because im looking at his build and it looks weird.
Is serule only healing the tank or everyone.
I have a question.
He has hypothermia.
What a legend.
Yes daddyayd.
Make me.
Dumb carbine.
Maybe its only compolete a dungeon not reset a dungeon that has the limit?
Strange, I remember the norm stl being an issue but not the tugga farms and we did those in a minute per kill and reset.
They could have removed but i doubt it.
You would walk out and reset tugga.
All of that is moot considering shiphand rotations.
I'm betting that they won't scale well enough.
Also higher primes give more essence so yeah i feel the casuals will do tugga famr but real people will just do highest prime unless crb is dumb again and doesnt scale the rewards correctly at all.
Also sc doesnt have a prime difficulty only stl, kv and new dungeon do right?
Itll be faster to clear.
So tugga farming would be tough.
I called dibs on poly.
Atleast thats how i think its intended.
You should actually need a set group of people to climb the content with.
Yeah I was thinking about the queueing thing too.
However, good point with the dungeon thing.
Looks terrible.
Yea it looks good.
It's pretty legit.
Just browsed it.
I havent looked at it really.
At least in illium.
Actually getting decent fps on this laptop.
When you log into wildstar for the first time in years but no one is on.
Said AYD oh shit oh  shit.
Said nobody ever.
Power just flickered.
He ded.
Rip ayd.
I'm gettin online!
Nothing it's just gonna be even better with the extra ability and amp points.
What they say about clone?
I'm in heaven.
They're really gonna push clone with this and I'm piss.
But you can rune for suit power.
Everytime they change clases they fuck stalkers up even more.
Careful what you ask for.
There is a major class change actually scheduled?
Or not runeable.
Well hopefully there are major class changes with this feb.
Drop.
It's like one of the most expensive spells we have too and it's like.
Got destroied.
Fuck tanks never die.
Still nice in PvP at least.
IA for days.
Gg boyz.
Pa was dope as shit before the nerf.
Bolster targeted is fine and makes sense to me.
More than that though, no thanks.
Mob is lame because you cant change targets mid cast so its clunky.
I like bolster as targeted.
Those and used to have Warden and MB.
I hope they don't increase the count back is what I mean.
Also we have very few targeted abilities.
Hope we dont have freeform those abilities are boring.
Hmmmmmm, drill seems like an interesting way to get voli.
I saw the targets get stunned in the stream IIRC.
Or just stupidly high damage so i can be op.
I just want it to have SOME kinda raid utility.
I hope so.
Or pierce.
If its a drill, my best guess would be armor shred?
But we havent seen giga drill breaker.
We will sandbag on ptr so we can stay op.
This time pyro wont tell tyrius to nerf us as bad.
Right, the ability points are going to make a bigger difference than raw stat gain.
Better be.
Engis opop next patch.
Some have multiple tiers tho.
Starmap will still be a very mechanically intensive fight, the DPS check at the end should be much easier though.
And amps are not joke.
Dont forget all the amps and all the stats.
It looked like you could get a few thousand rating once you filled that out.
You can squeeze in extra damage, sure.
It's not like it's anywhere near the scaling of class sets.
I think thats pretty large.
I don't think the power spike will be that significant.
I mean hardmode will probably still be a challenge im guessing but once everyone maxes heroism wheres that gonna put normal RMT.
Please please let drill or hole have a buff debuff that makes them worth taking to raids.
Warriors have utility in their kit.
No damage.
Atomic Slash was just pure burst damage, so no theyre not only utility.
PBH had a stun, right?
What else does engi have again?
Zap, Bruiser, and one other thing?
If blackhole is any indication , they will be utility based.
I hope the Esper and Slinger abilities aren't shit.
That's probably his counting dungeons as your completions.
Keep in mind he has no concept on playing the game serule.
Not serious at all.
Could use that to get a rough estimate how long it takes to progress through the PM.
Fukkin discord, test.
Wow coming fast.
I get a black hole AND a drill that will pierce the heavens.
Thank you based carbine.
Fuck do I have to buy Signature now.
Bonus is unknown.
Wtb Hoedown's blackhole.
Wtb blackhole on squirgs.
Pro succ.
Engineer is finally the classs that sucks the hardest.
I'M GOING FOR THE TOGA STEAL.
Is this Overwatch.
Electro Drill is the other one.
THE DEVS LOVE US AGAIN.
THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVERY.
Thats INSANE FOR PVP.
BLACK HOLE.
Portable black hole!
Hype!
Portable Black Hole.
Holy shit.
Welp engi skill.
That's a dissapointing heal stat the more i think of it.
Thats also why we stand on tanks.
For the parse.
Well that's why we don't interrupt.
According to tyrius.
Cant rune for it.
We dont raid anymore poly, come on man.
Well shit, sounds like we're gonna need to schedule time outside of raid to work on this stuff.
Sounds plausable.
I don't know.
Oh, is that an idea?
The new stats are matrix only maybe?
The question is it runable or Matrix only.
I can't imagine it would be better than intensity.
Unless it's scale is insane.
Called it for toughness.
And a pvp guild.
And an expidition guild.
Are we becoming a dungeon guild?
The bonuses are large enough that it seems completely unviable to try to collect the essences without them.
Seems so, you get essence bonuses from everything from contracts to expeditions to dungeons and PvP.
So is it basically retread content to get prime levels up?
It seems pretty intuitive from what I'm seeing so far.
Sounds like a headache already.
Agh i want to see the new Engi abilities.
Thnx bb.
I'm at work ATM but sure.
Yeah I wanna steal it too.
Serule can you combine all of this into a google doc for me.
Wow, you are the first one to ever say that.
This reminds me of the Sphere Grid in FFX.
Anyone who is a casual is fired.
If people don't play the hell out of this, they're going to be so far behind.
Dude, say goodbye to raid logging.
What do you know.
Explorer is shit.
Wtf explorer is orange not purple.
Holy shit thats alot of amps.
How embarassing lmao.
LOLOLOLOL FEATURES.
I was universally offended.
CONFIRMED BIAS.
DRUSERA WILL CALL YOU TO THAYD?
FUCKING BULLSHIT.
Ded game.
Is on twitch, watching now.
Ayd start logging.
Well, Wong has to drop mid raid and tenshu wasn't there.
Shhhhh hes not supposed to know.
They don't want you to feel insecure.
Maybe enigmo is protecting your feelings izu.
Oh I see it for Swabbie, just not Robo or Engis.
Top of the trash pile dps.
Thing wong.
Sure someome was.
Was there someone logging FS raid on Weds?
But but GA.
Count me in.
I was feeling drunk pug raid anyway.
So its like a wildstar mega server.
Sure thing.
Is polly really ugly?
Oh sorry, i cant read well.
He meant everyone other than CK.
Anyone else who would like to join us, please do so.
Primal matrix?
Three new stats?
What the shit?
Too much harassment?
The snowgun needs to be fucking illegal.
Pvp is stupid in this game.
Make For Science great again!
Just say no to engi hoedown.
Took you long enough.
I really didn't expect to ever see more content from this game ever again.
I need an expert healer to help bear out.
The mid phasers were alot better then normal.
Close guys, we'll kill it sunday fo sho.
What did you do.
Younger one fell off a chair, gonna be a while.
What a legend.
What a guy.
Getting a nice, stiff drink.
Fuck should have held onto the pair that I had.
Have fun with the infinite artifact system.
Or carbine says fuck it we are not making more updates for this game.
Or CRBs says fuck powercreep.
Or it'll take a long time.
And hypothesize that you must not be able to get all the nodes.
Why are you going so deep.
Then you use math we already know about stats and you have your dps inc.
Then you use simple math and you have your total matrix rating.
Also in the image and shown on other nodes.
With no rank.
Which is green.
And the image shows an unused viridian node.
No one can be the very best.
Forever a grind.
And it make it infinite.
Carbine can pull a gimmick.
Well no one knows how big it is.
Not the whole picture.
The image.
Or are you putting it out of your ass.
Where are you getting this information.
So must be really slow to build or you can't get every node perhaps.
So idk why you need a shortest path unless it was larger.
So idk why you need a shortest path unless it was larger.
But the design looks symmetrical and more modulerlized than poe is.
Normally it's for getting a specific node.
A short path feature so people cant complain that you have to grind it out.
Lol they even have a shortest path feature.
And this matrix is really big.
Viridian is specifically the green node.
Ohhhh.
Right.
XD.
Wait, what?
That sounds reasonable enough to work.
Since multi hit severity s viridian I can go in either a blue or green slot.
Each stat has a color.
Hey that's a jewel type in Path of Exile.
So here's the thought.
Just like Veridian City, obviously.
That gem is called viridian.
So odd here.
Really hope pvp revives because i dont really want to do pve to farm essences unless its raids or unless dungeons become really fun and difficult.
But nah.
In the future by stacking hope.
Yeah CK already beat it though.
Isnt rmt gonna have a hardcore mode anyway.
Take SSM give bosses new mechanics and scale to a ten man raid.
That is something I would like.
I get where many will like the dungeons though.
And new dungeon.
I'm sure the price of credd has already spiked.
Shiet, guess im resubbing.
And our Signature members, along with all of their other great benefits, will receive a significant bonus when collecting Essences.
Tank esper?
Like all swap to dps.
Better require players to use multispec.
A mythic dungeon.
With dungeon mechanics.
It's a dungeon.
But it's less dungeon.
You get a scalable dungeon.
Fuck all that new content.
Yeah I'm gonna buy the shit if possible.
I have maxed ability points.
So what I'm hearing is we get be Neo and enter the matrix and Obi wan is our only hope.
But a wildstar version of it.
Then im pretty sure its the artifact system from wow.
Like no one ever was.
To become the very best.
If i have to grind for the primal matrix.
Doesn't mean wow didn't do things correctly though.
Bear.
This isn't wow.
Put wow.
Just remove wild from wildstar.
Spinning lasers.
Mobs do an aoe damage when they die.
I bet they are gonna add some gimmicks.
To vet, GA, ds, rmt difficulty.
Just have hope man.
Oh god.
And people said wildstar isnt wow.
Looking for that world first maxed primal matrix.
To train them is my cause.
Catch them is my real test.
Basically have pinky, have gauntlets, get hope and max out your matrix.
Du duduu.
Like no one ever was.
That is exactly what it is.
To become the very best.
Where you have to grind.
Im just saying this Primal Matrix sounds like the artifact system from wow.
Yeah it's new.
Max hope and suicide.
Like grit.
Is it a new stat or the old one.
Hope is a pvp stat.
WE CAN FINALLY JUST STACK HOPE.
But youre not talking about the important part.
An artifact system is coming to wildstar.
People should still be skeptical.
I hope the new stats can show the tenacity and toughness of wildstar.
New stats are always trouble.
Or too easy and lacking depth so it's done in a week and now still bored.
Like too difficult to do so discourages Alts.
It'll either be a joke or complained about.
Maybe it's like intensity where you do more damage but take more also.
Then sell account.
Make mad plat.
Then farm it for matrix points.
Just buy it.
Kappa.
At least for us.
Not well I'd assume.
And ilvl for prime drops.
Maybe.
I wonder how the dungeons will scale.
Like hp recovery.
Maybe defensive dps stat?
Tenacity is dps stat.
I'm assuming hope is a healer stat.
Tenacity is most likely cc reduction.
Hope is a stat?
Not going to dismiss but not going to be fooled again.
I am in same boat ayd.
One must always experiment for things, kinda adds to the idea of attempting new things in a game.
I'm hesitant, but excited there's something new to theorycraft.
Itemization guy is going nutz.
It should be on ptr soon.
One is contracts.
Blue contract?
Green daily?
Red pvp.
Purple is pve instanced.
Maybe each lines up.
Including instanced PvE, PvP, Daily Quests, Contracts,.
Top middle.
So look at this.
So I'm assuming the cost increases.
For the first point.
It's protobucks.
It's not elder gems.
It's eldergems.
I hope they reconsider that.
Without grinding the new currency for the talents.
Meaning you can buy the upgrades immediately.
Ncoin is the same thing as protobucks.
Blue octogon.
That is ncoin.
Signature also gets points faster.
That's the protobucks symbol, right?
Pay to win.
Pay to win incoming.
At least it's something.
Let's be honest.
I was expecting a world story update.
After they grind for a month.
Really feels like a .
Let the masses kill more in RMT patch.
But the extra ability points sounds just a BIT like power creep.
Its like AA points in EQ.
Level cap?
Or no.
You guys did it.
When you gonna teach me to stalker.
What boss are you on.
How is raiding.
Then again everyone said trump could never be president and well yeah.
Unless WoW is shutting down all its servers and wildstar is starting a massive ad campaign i dont think a patch no matter how massive is gonna do much xD.
So savage.
Drink my cum.
Noob needs to go on subreddit like a normal person.
One of the exiles said.
Then the exiles just started roasting him.
Cause it is.
Wre they told that crafting is worthless?
Someone was just asking a question about the crafting system.
Maybe you are just too sensitive?
People are mean in nexus chat.
WTB new dungeon, so queues will pop and everyone will disband.
Game's not dead, bois.
So Im assuming it was something to do with my video card.
One day it stopped working.
But how.
Your desktop what.
I could download Wildstar back on my laptop, but it wouldnt run well at all.
Im back at school.
What are you doing these days?
Maybe one day.
Dont let them bully you.
Stick to your morals hoedown.
Going back to sleep.
However I bought it and it's downloading.
I'll play it next time.
Come one you pansy ass.
I hate early acess.
So much.
I don't want to support them for doing that.
Release a damn finished game.
But im getting more enemies.
Im trying to make friends.
Because you're a cow.
How do i make it easy.
You make it easy.
People hate me in this game.
I forgot.
Dude its sunday night let them relax and play golf.
Better part of a raid there.
I understand Mordechai still lives.
I'm not sayin, I'm just sayin.
Happy New Years everyone!
The man, the myth, the legend.
The plan, the plot, THE EXECUTION.
Its coming all together.
You right.
I wanted to see what I could make bear do.
But hoedown added more damage to it.
He left.
Hoedown what the fuck did you do to bears runes?
The world may never know.
Was it all a plot to keep the bear down?
Hoedown set me up for failure.
Sorry, I meant Galaxy Girl.
Ask Volkan for those.
Do you have dicks and ginas?
While I'm at it, anyone have suggestions for server emotes?
All healing classes are braindead easy compared to tanking or dpsing.
But that is relative.
Spellslinger is easier than esper.
If you have rmt set.
Are you saying esper healing aint easy.
Serule and gleonger.
Now its time to heal on a spellslinger.
You think im gonna shit on it too?
Ah great I can help you with that.
Don't play spell slinger.
New year bitches lets fuck this one up too.
Tell me how to spellslinger.
I need your help.
What's up bear?
Stop.
Lol.
A new year a new bear?
Give me a break.
Its the god dam new years.
That did sound like an ad didnt it.
I need you.
But are you coming?
I'm in here already nerd.
What do you own their stock?
Nvm  lui  tells you  ingame.
I need that genji skin.
Anyone wanna play heroes of the storm.
Happy New Years.
Sil save me a spot.
Save a spot?
I do, thanks for the heads up.
Nah im good thanks.
For ayds at least.
So i can ruin it.
Yeah!
It's a steam game.
You need to get it and play with us!
Mini golf?
Lol, yes!
Right up your alley CK.
A quick but poweful load.
I want to see the difference in dtps.
And i go there.
So i started theorycrafting the output needed.
When is enigma going to make logs public.
I needed more output.
I found that it wasnt more healing time i needed.
That is an interesting question.
Cuz ill shoot for that.
Like how much frr and fp did you need for xath.
So you can heal ayd and his shitty deflect set for longer.
Youre going to want to stock for ffr at that point.
Well now you are getting into a mathmatical grey area.
Ugh im glad pvp is dead.
Hesper is what PvPers called healing espers back when arenas popped.
Which was basically launch and FTP.
So leave that to them.
And when there are, ss dual fire just hits more.
Here are the stats you need.
What the hell is a hesper.
Dont call it hesper.
First rule.
Heck if I know.
I'd take that risk, its your life we're talking about.
Don't ask CK, he'll troll you.
I don't see why not.
If you going to whore might as well do it right.
That's how you really parse.
Just make sure everyone takes more damage.
You also made sure to remove your dmg reduction amps right.
Jesus rice man its like you've never whored anything in your life.
Medic have to cancel cast emissions and stingers have to hold sustain.
That hearings all you baby.
So you can get the small heal ticks that other healers can cause they be prepping flash and sustain.
Way to waste your carrot proc ahead of time.
Like a person who takes random made up holiday breaks.
But this requires not being lazy.
Make an aurin esper.
I thought ck was in for science?
Thats why i joined.
CK, join on an alt and I'll promote you.
Damn slingers already take away from my parse with salve yo.
We have a new medic healer recruit anyways.
Yeah serule you can go away and stay on break cause you a newblet.
Ducking tiny keyboard.
Phantasmal armor.
Reverie bolster Soothe reverie bolster Soothe more reverie more soothe more more bolster,  nope just more reverie.
Not enough more bolster , reverie ugh cumshot.
Fukken scrub.
Healing rotation.
Bam done.
Soothe bolster Soothe bolster reverie.
Someone should tell Volkan to practice the new Egyptian rotation.
My job makes me be a casual.
But it's less fuck up able than the Egyptian rotation.
Nope, our espers suck.
Shirley any off spec dps esper can fill serules shoes.
Yep, santa can't get you a laptop if you don't ask for it.
Guess that means no healing over the holidays.
Now you'll have to wait a year.
Should have put it on your Christmas list.
Buy me a gaming laptop.
Isn't that what fun games like Wildstar are for?
I don't got no PC over here.
How come you couldn't make raid?
But what about wednesday.
It's my religion.
I gotta watch the ball drop.
We get Friday and Monday off for it.
Therefore, important.
Apparently it's important.
Try telling that to these people CK.
New years is insignificant man.
New Year's yo.
Still out?
Idk what your rooster is like.
Serule come back to us.
CK pls.
How do I know it's legit and not a keylogger huh huh.
Ifyou want it.
Damn that's commitment.
I love you.
Someone did, and thats what it is.
Unless they updated it.
You can't use runemaster with RMT.
My nigga hoe.
Runemaster still exists?
That reminds me.
I didn't expect any different for RMT.
It's a constant shift of runes everytime you get an upgrade.
It's always a mess.
Still hopeful!
Carbine and making good design decisions are an oxymoron.
You're probably right.
He would have taken a lot less damage with glance.
YAS!
I love my employer.
Forced production runes help with his shit healing production.
Also I dont see how putting two runes of Force Production is going to help.
The focus recovery one.
What rune do you have in your chest?
Bootz has null zone.
On morde.
Also, sil brought up a good point.
Last night we could have been missing nullzone.
You have shit uptime ayd.
I do too.
I have more intensity than poly.
Thats how.
No, no you got it holy echos and heavenly roller  somthing somthing  heal stuff.
Billy knows what he's talking about.
He had a slinger healer.
Yeah that.
That is all wrong, do your math again.
Come again for big fudge?
Idk havent runed it yet.
Maybe a tank gun to stick in my bank ?
Nothing I want at max anyway.
Just funny.
EU been quiet, its not really a problem.
How this a problem?
So rmt with a pug get fist mini.
Close if you aren't using fusion.
Not even close if you are.
Eh, math wise its super close.
You don't keep boots because you can adjust you keep them cause the stats are straight up better.
With so few rune sockets overall, and limited gear choices its basically made it so there is only one runing path that works.
The result is now lack or choice, lack of depth and now an additional rule that puzzles people because all it seems to do is restrict your choices and make no obstacle not understand how to put x rune in y slot.
Basically it was a good idea but poorly implemented.
Like health.
CRBs blows Dick and they fucked it.
Choice and Optimization bam!
So now I'm deciding between losing a fusion and getting stats from a set I want.
Well what if I want to get more multi?
Here is why they did it.
Wongs explanation sounds too plausible.
But they are making it easier to understand by changing something to unique equipped that was never that way before and reducing the slots so that you can't make up for missing stats on gear especially during progression when your gear constantly changes.
Totally designed better now than ever.
I'm sure it was a bug they couldn't fix so instead decided to call it a feature.
I sincerely wish to give Carbine the benefit of the doubt here, but I'm not wise enough to grasp it just yet.
Youre making me blush stop.
Aw shucks.
Sore, you're the greatest.
Wha, I learned from you.
Sometimes i wish i was as good as billy.
Is anyone streaming?
'no damage' such a lie.
He is.
Polys back?
Always causing trouble aye?
Polyphasic sleep?
Did someone just recommend polyphasic sleep?
But i hope they are not fucking retarded like how you are acting right now.
I dont know who names their child, AYD.
Ill do it.
Anyone with geared alt that wants to fill for TFP on stareater?
IM IN IT TO WIN IT.
Babies float due to high fat content so they are never in danger of drowning.
Have you tryed shaking it really hard so it knows when to get sleepy.
If only the kid slept during the day while laying down instead of in the babybjorn.
That would be ideal.
You can match him step for step.
Yes but the adv is.
So the average day.
Thats what you need.
Ultraman sleep sched.
Baby good.
Big.
Hopefully sleeping through the night soon.
Getting close.
He just woke upscreaming at me a second ago, so not quite there.
I assume hlo was a typo, but either way, hows the babyyyy!
Who is this mosh person?
And already getting shitted on.
I came back for one day.
So mean.
YOU DIDN'T EVEN LOOK LUL.
THEY ARE FUCKING TRASH YOU MONGOLOID!
AYD is soo mean ingame.
Yes and yes.
Does junah still play.
Did they add the patch that make exiles and dominion raid together.
I FINALLY MAXED OUT.
I dont need amps or ability points.
Woot, guess what.
You can buy your amps and ability points now.
Is coming back to wildstar.
The man, the myth, THE LEGENNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD.
Are you ready ladies and gentlemen.
Clown fiesta.
I then joined up for the last two pulls to help get the kill and earn trust.
Actually my plan was a merge all along I had to sabotage Ordo, For Science shit the bed on its own so that didn't require any work.
Throw enough shitters at an Ordo and one will stick.
Well I did get execute so they weren't all shitters.
Billy secretly sabotaged Ordo confirmed.
It's all coming together.
Yes you know this he was one of shitters I brought into Ordo when I left for For Science.
YOU RECRUITED HIM?
Been waiting on that for a while.
I also remember raised donger.
And im QQing about losing my account.
My name was dontQQrightnow.
And whats the worst part about it.
I got a big box of candy bars.
I still have no idea why.
What present did you get.
So how is everyones christmas.
And shit.
So again.
Oh, I think I remember the medic healer, it was obi wan.
Is how i met your mother.
And that ladies and gentlemen.
And i said.
They bring in the ban hammer and then you cry.
I made a ticket and riot is like fuck you you're toxic.
I never liked riot, but even i can say they got worse aftering being bought by china.
Making my very first ban a perma ban.
And also that i never been banned on my account.
And people are a bunch of SJW.
Apparently talking shit in a video game is bad.
How'd you get perma banned?
And im sad.
Because my league of legends got perma banned.
And shit.
So how is everyones christmas.
I still carry tho.
Tats was the one i was trying to remember.
In regards to the medic healer who didn't have max amp and ability points though, he wasn't tats and he quit way before him.
QQ over attendance.
He left to play wow.
No he hated me.
Xecute knew the guy iirc.
Dairy is thinking about that other medic healer.
I can't recall his name at the moment.
And finally, you didnt rune half your shit!
Nor have ability points or amp points maxed.
Alright man.
Does missy still play.
I remember missy.
Can confirm hoedown is still a hoe.
I forgot his name.
Can confirm legendary is a troll.
Then we had a epic conversation about that one fucker.
Ordo and i killed avatus.
And its doesnt matter if a person have amps or not.
But wildstar is dying.
So it seems kind of silly asking about comparing content to other MMOs.
My only point in asking was you were asking about content, but never even optimized your character when you played.
There was another healer, gobgob, that didnt have all of his ability points.
Hoe ayd.
The worst anime character ever.
Guys its truly.
I can remember very clearly it was dairy.
I remember when the merge was happening a discussion about you not having all amp points unlocked.
I have good memory.
Maybe you have them now, but at that time you didn't.
XD.
I said it wasnt me.
I swear that was you.
You're the one who never even finished getting your amps, right?
I agree.
The raiding in the game is better than that of any other MMO.
I THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS DEAD.
Are you sure its has better raiding than any other MMO.
Nothing really new, but the raid content is alot of fun.
Anything new with wildstar worth coming back?
The shredder.
Or still stuck on the ninja turtles worst villian.
Kill the final boss yet?
How is raiding.
That game sucks anyways.
Im sad.
My league of legends account got perma banned.
I'm ready.
To tell you guys very important information.
Bear is back.
Back again.
Guess who's back.
Now please, GTFO OF THE GOOP!
Fuck all y'all.
Merry Christmas shitheads.
Merry Christmas you filthy animals.
Merry christmas.
Merry Xmas all.
Merry Xmas guys and gals!
Just look at my avatar.
Probably banging some hot chich with his huge muscles.
Damn, Church wonder where he's at.
I thought I finally had my chance after Church left.
Found out.
But Merry Christmas AYD.
RUDE.
This anti West Coast bias will not stand.
Do down.
Oh good point.
I'll do that.
DO AS I DO.
Thats dumb.
Esp if you have issues with resorce later in the fight.
Do they spout intensity as God for espers?
Eu exile guild.
Wtf is cupcakes.
Rains leads cupcakes and Baelix is dead?
I'm guessing those two are prominent esper healers.
Idk.
I am a hermit.
Math wise intensity makes sense.
That was jiberish.
The truth is out there and these people are trying to keep you down.
Have you been listening to rains or baelix?
You need to start thinking for yourself and wise up.
Awww yeh.
We cooking with gas boys.
Now youre learnin.
Yeah that's totally dropable.
I also assumje you have that one.
Which one is buildup?
Grab bingo drop buildup.
Okay here what you going to do.
Certainly not sev.
Or maybe crit, please tell me you didnt grab crit sev over intensity.
I don't but was thinking it'd be good.
You got bingo yes?
You should.
Just one q.
Okay i know your exact build now.
Post AMPs or gtfo?
Tell him CK.
You suck.
I already have tac.
I guess snackworthy.
Admittedly, the uptime isn't super great for me, but it's really for large damage events where I plant myself.
Such as Mordo barrage or chaos orbs.
I don't think I use either.
I use Tactician.
I feel like we got ripped off now.
It doesnt.
No worries.
Or no.
Easiest thing to do, blame any and all wipes on AYD.
Don't trust ayd, he leads the raid to it's inevitable death and destruction.
The sketchiest bird.
Don't trust Serule.
He's sketchy.
I'm a healer trust me, that totally makes me qualified.
It's all lies in an attempt to get you killed.
P. rude, by the way.
Nice to meet you.
Alright I'm here.
I died in an orb for your sins.
Someone get online and spam dungeons with me.
I have watched videos but they'll only do so much for me.
I'll try to log as soon as I can.
All we care about is RP and housing, so.
Sounds pretty casual to me.
Stop making sense.
Please.
If super hardcore would he even have to go over the fights?
Should he have watched videos and analyzed them already?
Hmmm.
We're super hardcore.
Get on early?
What is this a job now?
Cute squirgs.
This is why we do progression .
For the art!
My congrats to the raid on star eater.
Better late than never I suppose.
Such plebs.
No addon goes inside another addon folder.
Does the rmt boss mod just get dropped into addons or lui.
A good idea to keep kill counters now.
Pretty soon no ones gonna accept summons.
That video was beautiful.
Just got the toy lel.
Few mins.
He goes by kabuki now.
Trying is not the correct verb to use.
How's Saluki doing these days?
Stop trying to trigger me.
His stories about being a lowlife were kinda funny.
I miss that dude.
Nerf stalkers.
Nerf stalkers nerf stalkers.
Will result in gkick.
Thanks.
Vermana, please never mention that name again.
Jai can.
Looking for an architect who can make the relic excavation plots.
You'll never know and I'll only tell if I'm hammered.
Its hoedowns spirit character.
It is.
Is that a Powerpuff girl?
GOT EEEM.
Only good warriors can.
Well, didn't want to openly admit it.
Did you ever?
I can't take you seriously anymore hoedown.
Hahaha dammit this icon makes me laugh every time I see it.
Wildstar  is a small community.
I don't really see the point in the 'secrets ' either.
Well, sharing the build doesn't guarantee others can do it.
You still have to manage threat and cds correctly on top of the terrible boss pathing.
Anyone watching the stream can see the basis of my build or inspect my character in ilium.
I don't see the point in keeping things a secret, unless I have an issue with the person asking.
I'd say the problem with sharing information is that some people don't want to take the advice.
Then trade secrets!
OP stalker build for something else, say, secret addons.
I don't mind sharing.
There's too many people not sharing information.
I don't want any barriers.
Basically everyone's reaction to Starmap.
Don't encourage it!
It really fits.
Nice icon hoedown.
He just deflects everything like a good stalker.
Medic class set?
Yeah sure.
If you're actually curious about the build I can share it.
Yeah but whoever ran them doesn't have debunks and buffs.
Did you look at logs?
Its blossum!
Or one of those.
I thought I was the troll.
I definitely wouldn't say I was the main reason we killed it.
It took great execution from everyone.
Especially our improvement with mid phase.
That's why progression fights are so rewarding.
Everyone should feel like they were a major part of the kill as everyone contributed.
Dandur would be proud.
AYD too op.
Gotta rune more hp, give your healers something to do.
I agree with vermana.
Looking at an angle.
It helps me for slamming on the boss and flying off to the edges to grab another.
Personally I like a normal camera angle.
As you said, depth perception.
Ye results were had for sure, i just dunno about top down view since its so hard to see shit XD.
Ye that flamethrower was like fuuuuuu.
Idk his way got results.
Got an orb on the outside everytime.
Way to be a team player serule.
I did clench on watching that video when flamethrower was out.
Jebus.
Cant tell if its above you or what.
If youre top down.
No depth perception.
I think it's cancer period.
Yeaaaah i think going top down is pretty cancer XD.
You do it in such a wierd way, top down like that.
It's just a giant indistinguishable orgy at this point tbh.
Dont leave freak and i out mang.
Yeah man I don't fuck around.
I enjoy the part where during the kill vid, you mention to yourself how you gotta cover both sides still xD.
Y u no reply with it.
I mean for the reddit post.
On Twitter and here.
I did.
Serule, you should post that call for you to cover east and west as well.
It proves im bad luck.
Literally when I tabbed.
Grats all!
Gjjjjjjjjjjjjjs.
Is that real?
Lol.
Had to run out to car and grab phone for authenticator.
Logging in now.
Logging on.
Not enough overwatch porn, clearly.
Ded guild.
Nah it some secret dev rotations that only do the damage when you input it exactly as is.
The only thing i got out of that video is whoever is playing that warrior or medic has no idea how to play a those classes  with those abilities on their LAS.
Right there.
Alive game.
Sad but true lol.
More than Wildstar.
The grind is real.
Chua loves weapons yes.
Show me your.
Charrzooka.
If you're gonna cross your nc soft characters.
Go full furry.
Charrchua.
Hey man, chua on aurin aint my thing, but who am i to judge you guys?
Vulpes.
Pls.
Now im uncomfortable.
Nope.
I got it back in.
Gold star?
I talked with  magma scythe  yesterday.
And we stream everything anyways.
It's been pretty atrocious in the past.
For dominion and exile.
Yea I was trying to remember the channels from back in the day.
You're talking about WSRP, by the way?
I'd just rather be a rock man, personal preference.
They're pretty fantastic.
I mean.
Just saying.
Thank god you're not an aurin.
Honoured to be sure.
Welcome to furry hell.
Hey dude.
Good man, you get my heals.
I'm not splitting the bill for that.
Thanks everyone!
Sorry, I'm in a DS.
I'm a Granok and I love pizza.
Anyone who orders Hawaiian is on my shitlist though.
Lol thanks ck.
Also, dont lie vermana, you cant deny what we have between us.
What was that channel called again?
Everyone knows chuas are wannabes.
I still have ptsd from the time I leveled an exile and went into their rp chat.
And the only real furrys.
AYD, kys.
They're beautiful.
I never did hoedown pls.
I have an aurin engie, you still love me vermna?
At least im not a furry awrf.
Weebs pls go.
Better not be an aurin.
As long as its not an aurin im cool with it.
Yo yo.
Buenos noches.
Now.
Not so much.
Its hard for oyur body to keep up with what oyu do at the gym if oyu eat like crap.
I was doing  bench press, leg press, loads of resistance  stuff    treadmill  and some other stuff.
But srsly  i should probably  start going again.
I got in trouble for sitting on one machine for to long at the gym,  the vending machine.
Ill never get over it.
Say hi to Jim for me.
I'm at the gym.
You'll get over it.
You failed me.
Too late.
Hoedowns just paranoid because I have been in every pug raid before he has.
I'm fairly sure he's a warrior hoedown.
Truly you are literally repeating the convo from last night!
You are such a stalker.
That would be an interesting hard mode for ga.
Carbine's lazy hardmode plan, force rp walk, done.
There should be a challenge for it.
Someone should do a montage on all the bosses being fought with all the raiders useing rp walk.
That's two buttons to the left of it.
I have the button for toggleing it on the side bar at the bottom cause I don't know what it is xD.
WHAT'S THE BUTTON FOR RP WALK!
But yah its very generic.
Sounds like a driver error.
It's that simple.
Problem troubleshooted.
Secure.
Don't crash.
Just a guess.
Good question.
It's very difficult to get your phone out to scan the code before it automatically restarts, too.
So where's the actual error code?
Why is windows suddenly worse than apple about letting you do things yourself.
Thanks Windows.
There it goes.
Fuck.
Every time there's a patch it does this.
It starts the tiny Wildstar window but never opens the login screen and just disappears.
Yeah, fucking Wildstar isn't opening again and this time a reboot didn't fix it.
Still in virginia?
Mmmm  soon.
Okay, I made it to the station, phew.
False alarm, I'm good.
I will keep y'all up to date .
We're moving now but we had just been stopped at a station for several minutes.
Coming from virginia im assuming.
My train appears to be having mechanical issues.
As seen on my Twitter timeline.
Go play some super mario.
Bosun mid phase is real hard for people that never played a platformer I guess.
If mending probes cant save you its a hard mechanic.
Probably is, because mending probes can't save us.
Harder than lattice jump phase?
Terrifying.
Hardest mechanic in wildstar is bosun mid phase.
Oh, you're not talking about our raid group lol.
And boom.
Then I showed up.
Was so bad.
They forgot how to play for the entire first half.
Did anyone log tonight?
K, thanks.
Gn all.
Sounds sticky.
Guys.
Plz don't come.
I love my mom.
Your mom.
Who's that.
Billy, that link didn't work for me, said it was not found or removed.
Same one posted a week ago right?
I have no idea what that is.
Rmt went that badly?
It was all a joke, nobody's in VA except hoedown.
I'm actually in va atm lol.
Who wants to hang.
You really want to check your heals as dps parse.
What is the typical parse for thissss.
That was his first time using the class set.
It's DS gear with RMT class set.
How good is your gear?
I think you did great serule.
What's that?
I couldn't hear you over the sound of crying children.
GOT EMM.
It's terrible git gud.
How did dandur do?
Well, just got done grading.
It'll finish.
When it wants to.
Been patchin homie.
Hoedown just wants to see the world burn.
Thats weird, you cant ping officers.
However, I am choosing to ignore wong.
Oh god it's raining and ALL of the roads here are red.
Gg California.
Guess I'd better leave work soon.
You can dye housing items too!
GUILD PERKS ARE DOWN!
Now ayd can have god awful costumes on all of his characters.
So Dyes are now account bound.
THE GAME IS SAVED.
I wish I had that many jabbits.
The jabbit picture is the real one.
Definitely the first one.
My guess is first one.
The question is which one is photoshopped.
I KNEW IT.
It's actually quite the opposite.
I've got a very minimalist sort of lifestyle, at least in the ways of junk.
Such as my room, it's just a bed, desk with the computer on it, a lamp, and a closet with clothes in it.
Yes sore, this is actually what my bank space looks like.
He keeps all his jabbits in the mail.
He just put all those in his inventory.
This picture is a setup.
Those unused flasks.
I did too hoedown it was glorious.
Isn't it a strange coincidence that someone took all the jabbits from the Ordo bank and Wong always complains about having no inventory space all the time?
I only know about the price since its one of the behemoth foods heh.
Though the price may not factor into it i guess.
Its very cheap food compared to vigor.
Last I heard support power was good tank food, and I don't know if the engis are running MH sev food or not.
Well i guess vigor is ok for some classes.
First is bad, second is ok but only on engis i suopppose, vigor isnt worth for the price.
Sorry, most of those were taken when people started moving over, they left most of everything else though.
Hey what food does everyone like?
Wong and I are stocking the guild bank with ordo's old stuff.
You guys play HC on poe?
Try chloroform.
Or wear em down.
Shorten the day naps.
I can't get this child to go to sleep.
Honestly, im way behind on sleep, this is a god send.
I cry everytime.
I ripped earlier.
Breaches aren't gonna clear themselves.
Gotta play the new league.
Hey guys log on so we can kill dick eater the voracious.
You've been to our lattice right CK?
Git there faster.
It's just awful.
Worst fight in the game.
Lol, right?
Shits ezpz once you get it.
People just gotta learn the jetpack.
The jetpack mid phase is just super annoying.
I find the jetpack wayy too finniky.
Its not its a super boring boss once the jetpack gimmick becomes less appealing.
We did good last night.
Just gotta get good at the mid phase and this will be dead.
LUI aura for squirg.
Sorry dudes, got waylayed but I'm on now if you need.
HURRY UP.
I can be on shortly.
I'm asking repeatedly to use his Google powers and it doesn't work.
I've stolen his phone and he said it's okay.
Everything Kojak is about to say is a lie.
Haha Vermana, that sounds really kinky.
Can i interest you in invisible sombra bjs volkan.
Also i laughed at the wings unfurling.
Volkan.
I clicked that link so fast you dont even know.
Oh my god.
I'm just questing why Overwatch 'stuff' doesn't go in the Overwatch Channel.
Also.
You guys are really steering into the curve on this Overwatch Pron business.
You know I had to.
Volkan watched too much of it now our discord is infected.
How come there's so much overwatch porn.
Im def down.
Needs more choices.
The game itself is really solid just the hero roster seems pretty shallow.
I was kinda eh on the game because of the pricetag but its worth a shot if its free for sho.
Im in.
Oh shit battlerite free trial?
The set ts cs rf rotation is simple but long.
It takes some practice.
I've seen a few weird ones like rf am ignite.
Most people just stick with ts cs rf.
I am not certain I'll have a chance to practice new rotation before sunday.
Dan plays in those Battlerite betas it seems pretty solid.
Oh.
Jamie lied!
I memba.
Is it the one about the dog.
Stop talking to your hand Hoedown.
Jk gonna be a minute got stuck hearing a story.
Like now.
Be on in a few.
Sounds like asian bullshit power to me Kojak.
Wrong pants.
But I would be interested in knowing who our second tank is going to be.
Duct tape is my suggestion.
Gosh I don't know how the guild is going to hold together when ayds gone.
You all can go back to your daily lives now, crisis averted.
You're welcome.
LIKE OMGOMGOMG.
Guild perks are still down.
I'm done with Wildstar.
Tell Serule.
GUILD PERKS ARE DOWN!
World first was terene anyways.
Sry cant leak top secret enigma hard mode strats.
Better claim world first achievement.
How did you manage the cowering lopp?
Did you do the bug for traveling horizontally forever?
Unfortunately, the reset lockout applies to your whole account, not just a single character, but it's still pretty good return.
Did it twice, until I couldn't reset the instance anymore.
Do ya get a title for that.
Mostly say scrub cause my dps is wack and always has been.
Sore pls.
I vaguely remember ayd saying he'd give out risen set majors for free does the offer still qualify.
What about what?
Music for this part of the raid.
Ill never be as good as you though.
Ya sure.
Almost back if you still need me.
Aye.
Its kristie.
Liquid isnt feeling well so he'll be out tonight.
Brb comp is slow.
They couldn't even finish skullcano?
Hrm, think they got octog ?
What was their rmt progress anyhow?
Would be a great idea if someone could get some of them.
I don't know any of them.
But then who will make funny videos about warrior tanking?
Yep, Katl strikes again.
Are they folding over now?
I assume there's no slots for scrubs now that it's cleared up to Mord, but I won't be such a doofus for the next lockout.
My bad.
Junah was on the schedule, but after not hearing from her until close to raid time I had to make a change.
Luckily she showed up anyways since poly hates us.
Yeah the roster google doc houses the schedule each week on the schedule tab.
I dont think you were scheduled for last night but poly couldnt make it so we needed a fill.
I'll need rep first but I'll save up my triploons.
Oh that's good.
Yep.
Free dps, no questiosn asked.
The key looks dope, it's just the stat stick that it appears to be?
Or the key.
The shoulders are pretty gnarly.
So what's the first use of triploons supposed to be?
Once we get deeper they wont be BiS.
Do we just upgrade the runes to triploon runes once we can buy them?
Then they're just set for life?
You already got em.
So what gear is BIS for slinger feet and hands, if the token is useless?
This isn't logic wing.
Mr. String cheese where art thou.
Xecute we both live in the Sunshine State!
He's not from Australia, he just talks funny!
Wait a minute.
Wow, is that your car?
I'm glad to hear no one was really hurt, sorry about the car!
Hopefully next time she will GIVE WAY at a give way sign.
Damn, everyone ok?
Someone Ignored a give way sign and pulled out from a side road infront of us on the highway.
Toucan play at that game.
Animal puns?
It's a coping mechanism, obviously.
I retire and you devolve to animal puns?
Really guys?
What the sheep did I wake up to.
You guys are krilling me right now.
Do I need to break out the baaaaaanhammer.
Am I doing this right?
What an awesome thing to wake up to.
I think I hate all of you, but I can't tell yet.
Post some more animal memes so I can be sure.
Yeah i linked it a few days ago.
Holy shit the salt from Lawlita in the Codex video thread is hilarious, I suggest a read.
Yeah I just saw earlier.
It's so angry.
Still need to get that.
From sun and moon?
There's a pokemon called toucannon.
Lol!
Right?
Hoedown making fun of other peoples internet lol.
Dat shits over, come play vidya games.
Unless ur Canadian then go back to your igluee and dial up.
Gobble Gobble mother fuckerssss.
I know right?
Fucking casuals.
We raiding tonight or what?
Look how long it took you to slack out Kojak.
For shame.
Its a Kojak moment.
Aw Kojak, gonna miss you in the raid a lot.
Well specificlaly, bloodbriar,  octopod, kinetic omniplasm, gourment poultry, behemoth meat, and enhanced spider meat,.
Among hmm, everything hah.
Haha you can just deposit them in the bank, i'm sure that's still heavily needed.
But yep, GL to you guys with the rest of RMT.
I'm gonna try and get freak to beat me in dps now.
I'lll be about sure, hah.
Well shit it's been fun man, you gonna still be around any or you done?
YOU FAILED US!
Haha nope.
I hope those are all risen potions.
Spared no expense on that one.
Oh my god its beautiful.
And my last responsiblity for the raid.
Oh!
Well damn.
But i've asked AYD not to schedule me for the roster anymore.
Ur not allowed.
I'll log on every now and then, but prob not as actively and for the most part, I'll prob fill if needed and available.
It's been a fun trip for me but yep, figured it's a good time if ever to pretty much sit back for now.
Hah, alright guys, so small announcement from me.
CMON BRUH.
Oh baby a triple.
Do you want to go on a penguin adventure.
Cmon bruh.
That was amazing.
AWWW FUCK ME.
RYUUGA WA GA TEKIWO KURAU.
What kind of bird is that?
Ive got to mount my old TV in my bedroom still.
How many you waiting on.
I'll be on in a sec.
Im still mounting my new tv.
Im gonna be late.
Driving back from the gym will be close.
I haven't raided since the merger, what's the latest Raidcore or similar used for RMT?
Ugh, work people are dragging me out to dinner again, I may be a little late to raid.
Unfortunately for codex, about the only thing they have to do until hardmode comes out is get in flame wars on reddit.
Lawlta's always been an asshole, but I guess everyone got too serious about it.
Why is he so salty?
Holy shit.
Not sure if he was shitposting to troll them or if he was serious.
About half of it was pretty funny, but then they started quoting between threads that each of them were commenting on.
Lol I read it all.
Gl tonight.
Cant watch.
On the train to Ottawa.
Oh hey vulpes.
Oh hey sore.
Anyone parsing.
Put chill on your bar Hoe.
The deal was i do chill you do calls.
Wont have a mic tonight.
Im here if needed.
Playing with new TV at the moment.
Stay tuned.
Experiencing technical difficulties.
I have the time.
Not having undead space barnacles on your house just isn't the same.
We could compensate by killing Hardmentors.
It would take a while to catch up due to being behind  in rep.
Not all of the rep decor would be available to you.
Just admit that WoW sucks.
Yes, no.
Or would it take too long for me to catch up.
SHOULD I PLAY AGAIN.
Speaking of runing, anyone here have experience with the Esper healset?
I'm still not convinced it isn't shit.
Maybe it's maybelline.
Maybe he's talking about the schedule?
TELL US.
RIP stalkers.
Some.
But you should have some.
Don't slingers need some MH for flurry?
Forgot to mention before I already have rmt set in my legs.
I think ds set is multi crit and st.
Yeah I got my key already.
Also it's probably better to buy the key first, if you haven't gotten it.
If memory servers, the ss DS set is the one with stk, vigor, health, and lifesteal.
So my GA set is in my gaunts.
I am.
OH?
So I can quit.
Then sweet.
Thems the rules.
AYD you cant quit until you get a pink.
I really can't wait to quit this game.
Obviously my persistance paid off.